
It had been sometime since Kami had been walking down the road with no
signs of any life forms. His enthusiasm was still high but he was
beginning to get tempted into toggling his Omniscient passive on. At
least, long enough for him to find the nearest town or city.

"I'm so used to just knowing everything this feels a bit strange.
Walking around clueless is its own fun I suppose" he shrugged off the
idea and simply continued to admire the landscape.

There were still so many mountains to his sides and nothing but green
pasture and trees as far as he could see. The mountains in the distance
were covered in snow and the sky was especially bright today. The view
filled him with a sense of optimism as he continued to walk confidently.

"Maybe I should explore the areas around the trees. Don't think there
will be monsters and stuff walking down the road like I am so, it
wouldn't hurt to try."

He came to a halt and stared of into the trees. Being part of an
adventure was traveling the unknown and fighting of monsters, this was
perhaps the best course of action he could take to fulfill his
adventurer needs. Without hesitation he began walking into the field of
trees. It didn't take him more than five minutes before he found a small
group of goblins. They were small and green and were huddled around a
circle swinging what looked like clubs. They had small straps of leather
attached to the as armor and appeared to be celebrating something.

"Ugu-Ugu-Ugu" chanted the group of goblins

Kami took a look at the center of the circle and saw a small little
girl. She had light brown hair and brown eyes. She had a look of terror
in her eyes as the goblins continued to swings their clubs around. He
had no idea what a small little girl was doing out here in the middle of
basically nowhere and had he not accounted for the fact that he randomly
decided to come here she would most likely die.

"Alright, time to be the hero!" he exclaimed

With that he ran up to the goblins who had yet to notice him. The
goblins barely had the time to turn around and see him running at them
but by that time it was too late. His fist connected with the closest
goblin and it instantly was thrown back against two others and all three
of them exploded. A splurge of guts and blood got splatted all over the
remaining goblins and the little girl.

The girl let out a scream as the other goblins stared for a second
before running off in fear

"Agagaga!" yelled out the goblins as they ran into the trees before
disappearing.

Kami stood there motionless as the little girl continued to cry in the
background

"Waaaaaah an even bigger monster has come to kill me!" she cried out.

/Wait me a monster?! I just saved your life?! Story of my immortal life,
I save you guys and I'm still the bad guy. /

Kami let out a long sighed before raising his hands calmly at the girl
and speaking.

"N-no little girl I'm here to save you. I'm sorry if I scared you I
didn't think I would hit it so hard."

The girl seemed to settle a bit but she still continued to softly let
out tears as she wiped on her face.

"Here let me help you." he raised his hand and a soft cloth appeared.

He walked up slowly towards her and started gently rubbing her face
removing both her tears and any remains from the goblin.

/Is it ok for me to just, break the worlds rules like that? There should
be magic to conjure stuff, right? Damn let's consider this an exception.
Maybe I should turn off Omnipotent. That was just way too much and I was
significantly holding back /

As he thought this he opened up his passive menu and toggled Omnipotent
off. He then opened his status bar to see the difference now that he
wasn't infinitely powerful.

*[Status Bar]*

Name:*Kami*

LVL: 1

EXP: 6/50

Title:/God of All/Runaway God /

Class: N/A

HP: 500/500

Stamina: 500/500

Mana: 500/500

Strength: 500

Endurance: 500

Intelligence: 500

Dexterity: 500

Charisma: 2

Wisdom: 500

/Are these normal stats for a level one? I can't tell. Wait did my
Charisma go down a point from that?! /

As he thought this he looked at the girl and brought up her stats.

/I just brought up her stats just like that. I can still use all my
powers as I want even with Omnipotent off? Does that mean it only works
on stats but I can practically do as I want anyway? Who knew the cheat
in this world would be being God, shesh. /

Pushing this dilemma for later thought he took a close look at the info.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Himari Chiba *

LVL: 1

EXP: 5/50

Title: N/A

Class: N/A

HP: 4/10

Stamina: 2/6

Mana: 8/8

Strength: 2

Endurance: 2

Intelligence: 4

Dexterity: 1

Charisma: 1

Wisdom: 1

/Yeah, my stats are not normal in this world, bummer. Well I suppose
this is as weak as I can get without "cheating" further so we'll leave
it as that for now. I should learn more about these stats, ah if only I
could just toggle Omniscient on, does it even matter? I can use it as I
want, right? Agh! /

As he continued to debate the merits of his abilities the little girl
stared back at him. Kami eventually realized she had been sitting on the
ground quiet for a few minutes now and looked back at her.

"I'm Himari.Mister you're really handsome. Mommy says only really
handsome are powerful, are you powerful?" she asked innocently

"Umm, no, yes-well no actually, hard to explain, how are you feeling?"
he replied changing the subject.

Kami had purposely allowed these RPG universes he created to live
without his influence. He wouldn't be surprised if no one in all of this
universe knew who he was. Sure, he could present himself as God of All
Creation but that's now why he was here after all, not like saying it
would make it any better.

"Feeling better, mister can you help me back home? Those goblins
attacked our town and mommy told me to run. I don't know where home is
anymore" she said sadly as she looked at the ground.

Kami smiled at her and patted her head. In his natural instinct these
were his creations and he could not help feel bad for them. He gently
lifted her up and dusted her clothing making all the remains of the
goblins disappear. Cheat or not, it would just not be right letting her
walk around with goblin blood and remains on her.

"Sure, your town must be close by, right? I don't think you got here
from afar. Come on" Kami extended his hand at her.

Himari shyly grabbed his hand as they began walking.

Kami made his way back to the road as he noticed the sun was coming
down. It would soon be sunset and he would much rather find this town
before night came. With that in mind he tucked at her small hand gently
and began walking down the road once more. He couldn't help and feel
like something would be wrong when he got there though.

A town that was attacked by goblins, a mother who told her small
daughter to run off out of town. It seemed to him like they were overrun
by goblins and the goblins were winning.

/Does this mean by the time we get there, the town will have goblins
everywhere. Ah is that the right thing to do, this poor little girl
doesn't need to see that. Ah well, it's what the hero would do anyway. /

With that settled he smiled at Himari before starring of into the
distance once more.

