
"Just call me Kami. No need to keep calling me mister" Kami said without
taking his attention away from the road.

"Kami, that's a weird name. Are you from a faraway land?" she replied
curiously looking up at him

"Something like that, look I think we're almost there" he pointed his
finger at the distance.

Near the horizon there was a couple of small houses you could see. It
didn't look like anyone was outside but considering that this was
probably the town that was just attacked by the goblins. If there were
any survivors they wouldn't be walking around at this point. Kami had
thought it would be a town of sorts but seeing how small it was and how
it looked like it had small farms to the side it would appear to be more
of a village.

"What's this place called Himari?" he asked her as they approached the
village.

"Itsu Village. Mommy and Daddy always said we live far away from other
people. Sometimes they go by horses and visit the city to get stuff when
we need it." she told Kami.

As they got closer he noticed a lot of the place was a mess. Many of the
houses had doors torn down and windows broken. There were broken objects
all over the road as though someone had rummage through everything.
Funny enough, there were no bodies that he expected to find laying
around the roads or blood or anything of that sort. He was ok with it
but he was preparing himself for that scenario.

"You remember which house is yours right?"

Himari nodded her head and gently pulled on his hand. She began leading
him towards her house through the empty houses. He looked around hoping
to see any signs of life but as far as he could tell, this village had
been abandoned. They suddenly came to a stop and pointed to a small
house in front of them. He smiled at her and pulled her hand back.

"Stay behind me, we're going to check out what's inside." Kami ordered
her as Himari looked up at him and nodded her head.

Alright let's see here.

His eyes began to glow and the walls became invisible. He was able to
see through the walls as he scanned the entire rooms. It seemed empty,
just everything tossed around the home. He felt a sudden trickle on his
body like something had just exited it but he didn't pay much attention.
Kami walked up to the house with Himari following behind him closely.

"I don't think there's anything in there. I just looked around but just
in case, you sure this is your home, right?" he asked her once more.

"Yes, Mister Kami" she nodded her head at him.

He walked past the door and gave the room around him a quick look. Just
like he had seen, the house was indeed empty. It would be one thing to
find her parents well and alive, even finding them dead on the floor
would be understandable, but the fact that there was no one here and no
one as he could tell in this village was suspicious.

"You said the village was attacked by goblins, did you see if they were
trying to hurt anyone?"

She stuck the tip of her tongue out and furrowed her eyebrows. It looked
like she was trying to remember what happened exactly. Kami gave a small
chuckle, he thought she looked a bit adorable with that expression.

"No, I think they were just grabbing people and taking them away. Mommy
just told me to run I don't know what was happening." she replied.

Her eyes looked sadly up at him. He felt that she wasn't expecting her
parents to be alive at this point. It was a bit sad seeing it this way.
As God of All Creation he had always seen many humans lose someone they
love or care for but he had never truly experienced it this close to one
of them. It was always as a far observer. Even so he always felt for
them, it was the way of life. Many of them didn't know the lavishes they
were to expect when they got to heaven but even so the loss of someone
is great.

/Well worse come to worse I COULD always Resurrect her parents, right?
Would that be overkill, guy walks into this world can bring people back
from the dead just like that? Or is that common in this universe, bah
can't really know,let's give it a shot anyhow. /

He concentrated on resurrecting her parents for a few seconds but
nothing happened. He looked around puzzled as to why it wasn't working.

/Huh...well that's the first time that doesn't work. Does it mean her
parents are not dead? That's always a possibility. Wait why do I see a
small blinking...light by the side of my eye. Is... is that a message?
That how they see things here I guess. /

He pulled up the message on the side of his eye. The message read.

[Cannot cast Resurrect]

/Cannot cast Resurrect?! What does that mean? Maybe the Status Menu will
let me know what's going on here./

*[Status Bar]
*

Name: *Kami *

LVL: 1

EXP: 6/50

Title: /God of All/Runaway God /

Class: N/A

HP: 500/500

Stamina: 500/500

Mana: 474/500

Strength: 500

Endurance: 500

Intelligence: 500

Dexterity: 500

Charisma: 2

Wisdom: 500

/My mana went down. Why did that happen? Did I do anything to reduce my
Mana? Agh! Wait, wait, wait; in any RPG that means I have just used a
skill or a spell or something right? /

He immediately opened up his Skill Menu and saw the problem.

*[Skill Menu] *

*Item*: MP 5 Lvl. Max

*Clean*: MP 3 Lvl. Max

*Data*: MP 10 Lvl. Max

*Scan*: MP 8 Lvl. Max

*Resurrect*: MP 1000 Lvl. Max

{Skills

undet#ermined, pla%yers origin i^

nserted.}

/When did I learn these?! /

He stood still for a second before realizing what was happening.

/Yes of course! When I had Omnipotent on I was probably able to use this
stuff as I wanted with basically no cost. Since I turned it off now I
have a range of stats and skills that will now cost mana and stuff. When
I do use my abilities the Skill Menu gets updated and turns what I do
into a skill with a set cost. Shame then, if I want to make this a bit
fairer I won't be able to resurrect her parents if they are dead with my
low mana points. Think I'm beginning to see how everything works for me
in this world. /

"Himari, I think we should sleep here for the night, if your parents are
not here we should try finding them in the morning when you and I get
some rest, don't you think?" Kami smiled at her

She looked down on the ground with a sad expression. Himari was still
worried about where her parents could be and spending all night without
them seemed to make her feel down.

"Can we just look for them now Mister Kami?" she asked

/Ah, I've seen these enough times to see where this is going. If I say
no she'll probably get upset and run off or sneak off on me when I'm
trying to sleep or something. Brave little girl, not a smart one, but
brave. /

"Hmmm"

He lifted his fingers and snapped them at her. Himari immediately fell
asleep. Kami managed to grab her before she fell to the floor and gently
picked her up.

"Sorry kid I think I know what's best." he spoke as he walked over to
the bed in one of the rooms and placed her on top.

Kami stared at the girl for a while before heading out the door. He
stood in front of the house as the sun began to settle near the horizon.
Wondering what he should do next he stared up at the growing dark sky
before yawning.

/Ah feeling tired? Am I? Ha! That doesn't normally happen. When was the
last time that happened? Maybe I'm not so tired, maybe I'm just enjoying
all this a little too much. Ah that's not right to say in this situation. /

His mind wandered off into deep thought before letting out a sigh.

/Fine. I'll make it like a surprise. I'll find her parents if they are
alive and bring them back to her before she wakes up. That feels like an
appropriate thing to do in an RPG-style story game. /

He glanced at the house and suddenly a giant glass like ball appeared in
front of it. Furthermore, the house began fading until it was completely
invisible. Kami smiled at his handy work before his eyes began glowing.
Through his eyes he could see all signs of life around an area. Anything
that would be considered enemy should be glowing red while any signs of
the villagers would be friendly, so blue. He extended his perimeter
further and noticed something just a few miles away. There was a cave
that had a large population of goblins and deeper underground there were
what looked like humans. However, one of those humans in a different
area was glowing red indicating that it was an enemy.

/That's odd. That one is not like the rest. He reads as an enemy. He's
also walking around the area with no fear of the goblins. Guess I'll
find out what that's about when I get there. I should head on out if I'm
going to do this before tomorrow morning. /

He chuckled before shaking his head. This was turning out to be a little
different than what he expected to do when he got here. If he knew any
better, he was practically doing the same thing as he would in heaven
but in a smaller scale. He had expected to come in slaying monsters and
being praised for his heroics but instead he was in the middle of an
abandoned village trying to save a little girl's parents from the
smallest of enemies.

/Well, all good adventures or heroes have to start out small right?
Would be hard to raise the bar if an RPG started in the middle of
killing some mythical creature. Slow steady steps. /

With that in mind Kami took in a deep breath before punching his fist
against his hand and smiling.

"God the Adventurer is off to save the villagers!" he exclaimed before
running off into the sunset.

