
Kami couldn't help but feel excitement as he got closer to the cave.
Soon enough he would go in there and take out those goblins and save the
villagers. There was the matter that for some reason the goblins had
initially kidnapped them instead of killing them, or even more so, why
did they attack the village from the beginning.

/From my gaming experience, this is probably the work of some person who
is using these goblins to do his bidding. Would explain the random ONE
person in there who's walking around like he owns the place. Would this
be considered a boss fight? Typical RPG scenario, love it. /

The sun had finally disappeared from the sky and high above it, was now
the moon. It glistened down piercing through the night giving it a form
of comfort. Kami finally reached the cave and stood in front of the
entrance.

"Now how should I take care of this situation. Simple punching will do
but I want to bring out the fancy stuff", he talked to himself out loud.

He snapped his fingers and a sword appeared in his hand. It was a simple
iron sword; nothing fancy but good enough to take care of the situation
inside.

/No need to start of big. Aaah I should really focus on traveling after
this. Heroics stuff is a bit exhausting when I have to make it so slow. /

Kami didn't particularly find all this boring. Infact, it was all new
and exciting to him but even so it was much more work than simply
snapping his fingers and having everyone be saved and back in town while
at the same time eliminating all the enemies. With that in mind he
stepped inside the cave and looked around.

Once he got to a certain point the light of the moon no longer hit the
inside of the cave. Instead there were torches lined across the cave
that were lighting the way. He admired the amount of work it must have
taken someone to actually make a cave like this their hideout. It looked
well maintained just for being a cave. As he continued to inspect the
cave a couple of Goblins appeared from the corner of one of the paths.
Kami came to a stop and looked at them as they simply stared back. The
three of them exchange a long moment of silence without moving.

/This is... awkward, should I just...kill them? /

As this thought crossed his mind one of the Goblins finally reacted. It
lifted its club above its head and let out a cry

"Agagaga!!!"

It wildly ran up to Kami as the second one responded to the cry and
followed short behind the first one, now also holding its club above its
head. Kami raised his sword slightly so the point of the sword would be
aimed at the Goblin running up to him.

The goblin had the slowest reaction to this movement, so much so that it
continued to run up to him and ran into the point of the sword instantly
killing itself. The second Goblin still unaware of the situation
continued to run up and collapsed himself against the first goblin
further pushing the sword into the first and finally penetrating the
second goblin as well, killing it.

Kami stood still, dumbfounded as to how these creatures had just simply
ran into his sword. He had a blank expression as he saw two small "EXP
+2" signs appear in front of his eyes.

/I'm starting to wonder, did the goblins simply just invite the
villagers in here? Maybe they lured them in with promises of riches and
wealth beyond their dreams. No that's stupid there's no way these could
have come up with a plan that advance for them. /

He let out a heavy sigh as he lowered his sword and continued to walk
further into the cave. It wasn't long before another group of goblins
consisting of six came running up to him.

"Heh, it looks like you guys heard the cry from that goblin back there.
Alright I'm hoping your numbers will at least cover for your lack of
brains"

Kami raised his sword fully as the goblins charged him. The first goblin
jumped into the air and tried to swing its club down at him. However, he
was much faster and swiftly slashed at the goblin cutting it in half
before it even saw the sword swing its direction. Immediately after that
Kami ducked as three of the goblins approached him and had tried to hit
him with their clubs. He grasped his sword and swung it horizontally on
a three-sixty motion instantly slicing up the three goblins. The
remaining two managed to freeze in their tracks but remained still as he
kicked the ground to close up on them and once again swung his sword to
take them both out at the same time.

"Phew that actually made me feel like a real badass" he said looking
behind and seeing the goblin corpses.

A larger number appeared in his eyes with the text saying

*[EXP+16]*

"Ha! Time to keep moving then!"

He turned around and started to run forward. Kami began feeling a rush
of energy as he continued to advance into the cave. If he remembered
correctly soon he'll be at the center of the cave where the goblins were
heavily concentrated as well. Beyond that would be the room where that
one guy was.

/This is turning out to be a lot more fun than I had intended it to be! /

After a few minutes of running he came to a halt. There was a metal door
that seemed to be locked blocking his path. He didn't think there would
be a form of security here considering that no one probably knew about
this place. This wasn't going to stop him either way. He clenched his
free hand into a fist and lifted it up towards the door.

"Haaaa!!"

With only a fraction of his strength he punched the door. There was an
explosion of dust and rocks as the door flew black into the room and
landed on some of the goblins that were guarding the villagers. He
instantly ran inside and started wildly swings his sword at the goblins
before they realized what was happening. By the time a few of the
goblins figured out there was an intruder it was too late. Many of the
goblins were already laying on the floor dead.

The villagers stared in awe as Kami stood in front of them holding his
sword at the remaining goblins.

"W-who's that?" spoke one of the villagers.

"It must be an adventurer!" replied a female voice.

"W-were saved!" spoke a much older man.

The villagers were locked behind bars that had been custom made from the
cave. It would seem the goblins had taken them prisoner after all.

"I'm here to save you fine people of the Itsu Village. Worry not for I
Kami come to deliver you from ruin!"

/That was my grand line?! I sound like some noble whack job holding a
sword. Please if there's a god- wait. Agh I wasn't prepared!!! /

Despite his thoughts his faced remained calm and serious as he looked at
the goblins. Many of the villagers responded in awes and even began to
cheer for him.

/They actually liked that?! Whatever I'll take it! /

Before he could embarrass himself any further he ran up to the remaining
goblins and killed them before they could fully react. This inspired
even more awes from the villagers as they began to speak among themselves.

"T-the way he moves. It's so fast!"

"That's an adventurer for you. Nothing they can't handle with these
goblins!"

"Blessed be the gods for bringing him to us."

Kami face grew blank as he continued to cut down the goblins one-by-one.

/So, they think this is how an adventurer fights. I'm just swinging my
sword around at them with no class. If I were to compare it to real
adventurer I've played I would call my play-style, barbaric. /

In a short amount of time all the goblins had been taken care of and
among them stood only Kami. The villagers began cheering at the
adventurer who had instantly slayed fifty goblins with just the swings
of his sword. Kami looked up at the villagers who continued to praise
him and started walking up to them

"Please, it's not necessary just doing my job" Kami said as a smile
spread across his face

/Ah this praise feels different! Rewarding even, not how the angels do
it. This is the praise an adventurer gets! /

Suddenly the door leading to the next room swung wide open. Before it
was a man with wild black hair that reached all the way down his back
almost like a porcupine. He had a strong upper body and his nails looked
like they had been sharpened to look like claws He looked around in
shock before setting his eyes on Kami.

"You! What did you do?!" he asked

"Me? I just came to save these villagers from the goblins. You are?"
Kami replied

"I am Hiromichi Ueno! I am a Beast Tamer! You must have come from the
city to put a stop to me! I can understand why. My reputation as a Beast
Tamer speaks high of me and some...kid like you couldn't help but come
and make a name for yourself by trying to take me down. We'll I'll tell
you something! You will pay dearly for-"

Kami stared dumbfound at the man in front of him as he continued to
speak. He looked at the villagers and their cheers and praises turned to
looks of fear.

/Man, this guy talks a lot, I tend to skip a lot of the monologue bad
guys do since it's just them talking about how great they are or how
their gonna kill you. Not like it matters I instantly know what they
have to say and what's with the villagers. He kinda just looks like a
guy who has never lived in civilization before. /

"H-hey!!! Are you listening?! You better not be taking me lightly I'll
let you-"

/Maybe I should check on his stats while he finishes off. It looks like
he has a lot to say. I wonder if he writes all this down on his free
time so he can say later on when he has to face someone. /

Kami activated his Skill, *[Data]* and the list of stats for the man
showed up

*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Hiromichi Ueno *

LVL: 20

EXP:  9856/14000

Title: /Cave Dweller/

Class: Beast Tamer

HP:271/271

Stamina: 354/354

Mana: 253/253

Strength: 350

Endurance: 253

Intelligence:239

Dexterity: 356

Charisma: 115

Wisdom: 113

/Cave Dweller?! Ha! I knew it he's practically a beast! Anyway, these
are pretty high stats, not closed to mine but, high enough. Wait
shouldn't I have leveled up by now? /

When he said that a prompt showed up replacing Hiromichi's stats.

[Requirement to level-up met. Would you like to level up now?]

[>Y/N]

/Why is that even an option? It actually asks me if I want to level up?
There's gotta be a way to set this up to automatic yes. /

As he accepted he began to glow and a surge of energy erupted inside. A
prompted opened up and read as follows.

[Congratulations you are now LVL 2]

Constitution:500/500 (+250) = 750/750

Stamina: 500/500 (+250) = 750 /750

Mana: 467/500 (+250) = 717/750

Strength: 500 (+250) =750

Endurance: 500 (+250) =750

Intelligence:500 (+250) =750

Dexterity: 500 (+250) =750

Charisma: 2 (+1) = 3

Wisdom: 500 (+250) =750

/My Charisma stat has to be a joke it can't possibly be that bad. Other
than that little hiccup I'm freaking loaded with stats! /

"Ah so you leveled up! I see so you'll be more of a challenge now! Well
in that case you won't mind if I let out my biggest catch yet!" he
exclaimed

Hiromichi let out a loud howl that resonated across the cave. Almost as
soon as he was done one of the cave walls broke down and through it a
chimera came crashing. It had the face and body of a lion yet its hind
legs were more bird like a griffin. Its tale was covered in scales and
looked sharped while its front legs seemed more feral than your average
lion. Its claws looked like it could cut through anything and its eyes
gave a furious stare. It roared menacingly at Kami.

"It took almost every single drop of strength and countless of my beasts
to capture this bad boy! Good luck trying to even scratch it!!"
Hiromichi screamed out as he began laughing manically

"It can't be, he's the Wild Beast Tamer of the North, w-what is he doing
here?" asked one of the villagers fearfully

"Adventurer Kami can still take care of him, r-right?"

"No way that's not possible, we're dead now!"

"T-that's it, it's over, it would take a miracle for him to win now"

Kami activated Data once more to check out what he was dealing with and
was instantly surprised.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Chimera *

LVL: 29

EXP: 11845/ 15000

Title: /Beast/

Class: Monster

HP:562/562

Stamina: 558/558

Mana: 301/301

Strength: 550

Endurance: 570

Intelligence: 289

Dexterity: 489

Charisma: 186

Wisdom: 152

/Wow that's pretty scary looking, looks like if I had not leveled up
this guy could actually give me some trouble, however- /

Kami aimed his sword behind him and crouched into an attacking position
almost like those samurai's he had seen in video games and anime. An
aura of energy surrounded him as he yelled out!

"Blade Rush!"

He launched himself towards the Chimera at high speed. His sword became
covered in energy as he swung it at the beast. The Chimera managed to
react and swung his claws down at him. However, he was much weaker and
the impact of Kami's sword broke through his claws before it pierced
through the Chimera and cut his head clean off. The lifeless body from
the chimera dropped to the floor as everyone stood stunned at how he had
with one simple move completely destroyed this monster. A large number
appeared infront of his face saying

*[EXP+1600] *

[Requirement to level up met. Would you like to level up now?]

[>Y/N]

This again, yes of course.

Yet again he began to flow and he felt another flow of energy as his
brand-new stats showed themselves.

[Congratulations you are now LVL 5]

Constitution:750/750 (+750) = 1500/1500

Stamina: 750/750 (+750) = 1500 /1500

Mana: 717/750 (+750) = 1467/1500

Strength: 750 (+750) =1500

Endurance: 750 (+750) =1500

Intelligence:750 (+750) =1500

Dexterity: 750 (+750) =1500

Charisma: 3 (+2) = 5

Wisdom: 750 (+750) =1500

"Y-you know on second thought why don't you take the villagers and we
can call it a draw" A now more humbled Hiromichi spoke.

/Ah, what's with this change in attitude? The mighty Wild Beast Tamer
turns out to be a pup when he loses his toys. Wait if these villagers
know who he is- /

"You there, villager, this man, the Wild Beast Tamer of the North, does
he have a bounty?"

One of the villagers snapped out of his trance as he stepped responded
to Kami.

"Y-yes sir. He has a bounty of five-thousand gold pieces last I remember"

Kami smiled at the Beast Tamer in front of him as he slowly backed off
in fear. He approached him cracking his knuckles as Hiromichi fell to
the floor with a look of terror on his face. Kami's smile was now
borderline menacing as he stood in front of him and said.

"Looks like I'm going to be five-thousand gold coins richer soon"

