
It was still the middle of the night but the villagers who were now back
in their home, rescued by Kami, decided to throw a celebration. They
were dancing around, drinking and eating, laughing and listening to
music being played by a few of the villagers. Through the piercing
night, Itsu Village lit up the darkness and you could hear the joyous
occasion. Kami sat in the middle of the group feeling satisfied as many
of them went about doing their own thing. A few of them approached him
and gave him their thanks and even tried giving him some gifts in which
he refused.

"To the Hero of the day! Who came to rescue us in our time of need, to
Kami! "yelled out a chubby looking man

Many cheered and drank while others continued to approach him.

"My my, young Kami. I must admit we've never heard your name around
these parts before. Are you perhaps from a different land?" asked an
elderly man.

"I'm...new around these parts actually. I don't think you've heard of
where I come from, either way I'm glad you are all ok!" replied Kami as
he raised his drink

/Ah I've never drank socially like this before. In heaven it was always
ceremonial and stuff, even alcohol can get dull up there sometimes,
imagine that. /

"Your clothing is strange" said a young village girl who reached out to
his shirt and touched it. She looked a bit handsy and slowly patted his
shirt down while rubbing his chest and giving a mischievous smile

Kami began coughing up his drink as he awkwardly laughed it off.

/Figures there will be people like this. Young strapping good looking
man saves them and girls like her are all over it. Maybe I should change
my appearance to an elderly weak man, imagine that scenario now, ha! /

A small group of young girls giggled as the elderly man began shoo'ing
them away. The girls quickly dispersed as the old man began speaking
once more.

"Ho ho ho, beware the claws of those young woman Sir Kami. They might
not look as big as a threat as that Chimera but let your guard down and
they will cut you down just as well." advised the old man

"Thank you for the advice, ummm, I'm sorry where are my manners."
replied Kami as he struggled to find a name.

"Just call me Itsu, it's an honor to have someone of your strength call
me by my first name as well." he said as he rubbed on his white beard.

"Itsu? Oh! The village must be named after yourself? I suppose you are
the founder of this place then."

"That's correct, almost sixty years ago my family and I moved out here
and created a home. There were the occasional travelers who came down
the road and saw this house, I suppose one thing led to another and
sixty years later we've had many others join us making this small village.

"This seems almost like a family of sorts then. It must be nice..."

Itsu stared at Kami for a few seconds before speaking once more.

"If you don't mind me asking Sir Kami, Himari seems upset that her
parents were not among the villagers. I can't say I know what happened
to them but I do have something to ask."

"What is it gramps?" he asked.

"Ho! Gramps?! Ho ho ho! Now that you know Himari's parents are missing,
what do you plan to do?"

"Hmm, I honestly thought one of you in the village would take care of
her..." he replied

"Oh yes of course we would gladly take her in! The wife and I had always
wanted a sort of grandchild. For all we know we do but our son went
traveling years ago and has never returned. However, do you know why I
ask you this?" Itsu said as he continued to stare at Kami.

"Ahhh I don't know gramps, what's the other choice anyway?"

"Hmmm...well listen closely,six years ago when she was nine-"

/W-what? She's fifteen now?! She sounds and looks smaller? Is it
something to do with growing up here or is it just her?! She looks like
she's JUST turning eight! That's just not possible right? Ah well should
I go an apologize for treating her like a kid? I mean she looks just
like one what should I expect. Then again fourteen isn't that much
older, right? /

"You listening kiddo?" asked Itsu

"Y-yeah sorry just... she's fourteen?! I don't recall making them so
small at that age"

"What was that?"

"N-nothing, go on gramps"

"Well once the cursed had been planted on her, she permanently stayed
that way never showing signs of aging both mentally and physically. It
was then that her parents and I gave prayers to the Goddess Iatra"

/Goddess Iatra?? Huh? Never thought there would be other Gods in this
realm. Guess allowing this universe to run on its own would do that.
Some beings must have ascended to Godhood. Ah I wonder how powerful they
are? If I introduced myself as I usually do would they immediately
worship me as well like the other countless Gods across the universes ,
no no let's avoid that. The less interaction I can have with them the
better for me and what's this about a curse? How clich, honestly. /

"-and for that sole reason I believe you are the Hero that was mentioned
that would arrive one day so this would mean you are more than capable
of breaking her curse." Itsu finished as he continued to stare at Kami

"Ah what? I mean yes, well, of course it would be an honor to...do this
for you... nothing would delight me more" stumbled Kami trying to make
sense of what he barely heard him say.

"Sir Kami you make an old man happy! Very well I should let Himari know
that she will be traveling with you. She might be a bit down at first
considering the situation but when she learns what it's about she'll
come around!" he responded in a happy tone as he took off at what Kami
found to be an incredible speed for a man his age.

/D-did he just say that Himari would be traveling alongside me? What did
I just agree to? Aaaaah no offense but carrying around a child isn't the
first thing that pops into my head when I see an adventurer...then again
many of them in my RPGs meet companions that become powerful assets to
them in the future...but she's only eight...or fifteen, agh whatever! /

"Come Hero Kami! Join us with some more drinks!" said a loud villager as
everyone cheered on.

Ah it's fine. For now, let's keep it light, we're celebrating after all!

With that Kami join them in their endeavors to drink all night long.

