
"Hero Kami... no more... I'm done..." burped a fat chubby man as he laid
on the floor.

"Hahaha! No one can best me in a game of drinking!" exclaimed Kami.

In front of him, around eight men were on the floor grumbling. The sun
was beginning to rise and it appeared they had stayed up all night
attempting to out-best each other in a game of drinking. Of course, Kami
had taken the competition a little too seriously and, in a struggle, to
keep up with him the men in front of him had consumed enough alcohol for
a life time. The other villagers had settled in and gone back to their
houses after the celebration had concluded but now that it was morning
there were signs of a few of them about, now trying to fix up any damage
that the goblins had done to their homes.

Kami chugged the last of his drink before setting it on the table and
grinning at the men at his feet.

"Better luck next time men. I salute your commitment"

He carefully moved around them making sure not to disturb them. In his
mind now was the perfect time to say his goodbyes to Itsu and any other
villager that was along the way before heading out to his next big
adventure. Many others were beginning to wake and as he passed them he
heard them whispering as they stared at him.

"Is it true, he could be the Hero of Tyr?" whispered one

"He must be, did you not see how he easily slayed that Chimera. We're
lucky to be in his presence" replied a villager

/What's with this Hero of Tyr? I mean being an adventurer/hero was what
I was aiming for but there was no mention of this 'Hero of Tyr' business
yesterday. I was just an ordinary hero. /

Kami shrugged it off as he approached Itsu's home. He was already awake
and was sweeping the outside of his home. Kami thought it was redundant
considering the roads were already dirt to begin with but he just let
him carry on anyway.

"Hero Kami had a pleasant night I presume? Heard there was a few guys
who challenged you to a drinking contest and lost, ho-ho-ho, reminds me
of my younger days." Itsu commented as he rubbed on his beard.

"Something like that...there's a few villagers back there who were
calling me the Hero of Tyr, any idea what that's about and what's this
Hero of Tyr business?" asked Kami.

"Ho, no idea. Someone must have told them you were such a hero last
night while the celebration was going on. Being a Hero is already a
grand thing around these parts. Not many can stand to that title but
being the Hero of Tyr, I believe I told you all about it last night,no?"
Itsu eyed Kami suspiciously as he continued to rub his beard.

"Ah yes you know...must have been the alcohol, haha, fuzzy on the details"

The door to Itsu's home swung open and Himari stepped out. She was
wearing different clothing from yesterday. She had a pair of leather
boots and gloves. Her pants were rugged and lose and a small worn out
metal plate armor on top of a small fitted tunic. She had a small sword
strapped on her side and a small round wooden shield on her left arm.
Himari was also carrying a small bag on her back as her eyes glisten
when she saw Kami but immediately looked away.

"Well look at you little Himari, already for the road ahead of you I
see. Sir Kami, do take care of her, would you?"

/Right the whole, she's traveling with me business, had almost
forgotten. Well at least she's looking like she's ready for combat but
with her stats, those weapons and armor will she actually be able to do
anything? I suppose as party leader it would be up to me to upgrade her
gear, no? /

"Of course, gramps, I'm on it. Well we're headed towards the city first
to turn in that Wild Beast guy. He's still tied up and secure in the
warehouse, right?"

"Yes, I didn't think any rope would be able to restrain this man
considering his strength but whatever rope you used to do so has been
holding real tight on him. Also, I would like you to have this" old man
Itsu walked up to Kami and handed him a small bag.

Kami took a peek inside and saw a pile of silver and bronze coins.

"This is incredibly generous old man Itsu, are you sure you don't need
this?"

"Ho-ho-ho, Sir Kami this is more than enough for saving our lives,
besides this was the best the town was able to gather to thank you for
your deed." replied Itsu

Kami nodded his head and placed the small bag of coints in his pockets.
He then turned his attention to Himari and smiled.

"Himari, are you ready?" he asked

"Hmm....yeah..." she replied

She looked down at the ground almost like she was avoiding Kami's gaze.
Kami assumed she was just feeling sad about the whole situation with her
parents and now having to travel along with a complete stranger. This
was probably not what she wanted to begin with but now that he had
agreed to take her along it seemed like there was no other choice.

"Well come on then" he said as he turned around and started walking away.

He turned his head around only to wave at Itsu as they headed towards
the village's warehouse. As they walked Kami looked at Himari and caught
a glimpse of her starring at him before she nervously looked away.

"Is there something wrong?"

"N-no just that...is...is it true?" she asked almost too quietly.

"Is what true?"

"Are you the Hero of Tyr?" she said looking up at him with the most
hopeful stare he had received.

"Aaah, I'm not quite sure what that means but I am going to become a
hero, I can tell you that much." he quickly replied.

"That' so cool! I thought you were just some stranger who was helping
out b-but knowing you're a hero is soo cool!" she exclaimed almost a
little too excited about the situation

So, she wasn't upset about this whole situation, she was just being a
little shy. Well might as well ask her about it.

"Why did you ask if I was the Hero of Tyr? Who is he supposed to be?" he
asked her.

"Gramp-Itsu told me you were the Hero of Tyr. Mommy always used to tell
me tales of heroes who saved us from monsters and bad guys but the most
amazing of them all is the Hero of Tyr. She says he's going to show up
one day and save us all from the evil that's spreading on all of Tyr."
she answered.

/So it was gramps who was going around telling everyone I was the Hero
of Tyr! That's interesting. Also, a very common plot on RPG's set on
these kind of time periods, right? Evil spreads across the land, one
hero above all heroes shows up to save all of human kind. Yeah, sure I
can be your guy. /

"You're a fan of heroes then? Especially this Hero of Tyr fellow." he
asked Himari

She nodded her head and smiled. It was almost like the whole scenario
with her parents was a thing of the past to her.

He shrugged and continued walking. Kami didn't mind it at all, as long
as she was feeling okay with this whole situation it didn't matter. The
steadily approached the warehouse where Hiromichi was being kept. Kami
opened the door and in the middle of the warehouse was a man and he
looked to be struggling to break free from the ropes.

"W-what kind of ropes did you use on me?! I thought you were being
stupid keeping me tied with these but it turns out they're a lot
stronger than I thought!" said the man as he continued to struggle

"They're my own brand, good luck breaking free in the next million years
or so"

"Tsk,so what now HERO?! You gonna take me to the capital and get all
that gold on me?! Don't expect me to come quietly! I'll have you know th-"

Kami snapped his fingers and Hiromichi instantly fell asleep. Himari
stared at him in awe as she leaped up and down.

"Can you teach me skills?!" she asked with great enthusiasm.

"Ah sure I mean, when I feel like you're ready I'll teach you" Kami
replied.

/Uhh how exactly do I teach skills to someone. Think the Wild Beast guy
here would know? Speaking off I haven't officially seen my skills since
last night. /

Suddenly the Skill Menu appeared in front of his eyes as he read.

*[Skill Menu] *

*Item*: MP 5 Lvl. Max

*Clean*: MP 3 Lvl. Max

*Data*: MP 10 Lvl. Max

*Resurrect*: MP 1000 Lvl. Max

*Sleep*: MP 10 Lvl. Max

*Barrier*: MP 25 Lvl. Max

*Blade Rush*: SP 32 Lvl. Max

*Restrict*: 8 MP Lvl. Max

{Skills

undet#ermined, pla%yers origin i^

nserted.}

/Ah well that's nice, should see my stats as well, hehehe this is just
like a game, I love it!
/

*[Status Bar]*/
/

Name: *Kami *

LVL: 5

EXP: 626/1200

Title: /God of All/Runaway God /

Class: N/A [LVL 5 Reached, Class Unlocked]

HP: 1500/1500

Stamina: 1500/1500

Mana: 1500/1500

Strength: 1500

Endurance: 1500

Intelligence: 1500

Dexterity: 1500

Charisma: 5

Wisdom: 1500

/What's this? I've unlocked Occupations? Uhhh is that like another menu?
Occupation... /

*[Class] *

<God>

{Occ*upation

undet#ermined, pla%yers origin i^

nserted.}

/That figures... I can select God as an Occupation...what's the deal
with the title then? Guessing this is what that Goddess Iatra has...well
don't think it's necessary for me to pick anything as of this moment so
we can leave that for later,hopefully other Occupations become available. /

"Mister Kami?" asked Himari

"Oh, sorry just...checking my stats and skills. Honestly, how do I even
teach you a skill" Kami replied

"I-I'm not sure no one ever taught me a skill before" she said

"Hmmm, we'll figure it out sooner or later. Would be nice if you could
defend yourself as a proper companion would. I feel inclined to raise
your stats like in all my games."

"Game?"

"Nevermind, either way we're on our way to the City of.... what's it
called?" he said just realizing he had no idea what the closest area
would be.

"The City of Alzel. I never got to go there with mom and dad..." she
replied as a small hint of sadness crossed her face.

"Hey cheer up! If they are out there we'll find them. It's possible they
managed to get away and went to go get help. If they did we should be
able to find them sooner or later!" Kami commented as he gave her a
bright smile.

"Y-yeah! Ok let's go!"

Her mood seems to have turned for the better again as Kami grabbed the
Wild Beast Tamer and held him over his shoulder. They steadily began
walking out the warehouse onto the road ahead of them. Kami was excited
to see how the city of Alzel would look and could only hope they would
reach it soon.

