
"So just swing the sword like this and, *Blade Rush*!" Kami explained as
he swung his sword with all his might.

The force of the sword hit a couple of trees breaking them and making
them fall. Himari looked in amazement as she held her sword up.

"W-wow that's so cool! Do you think I could really learn that?"

"Of course, don't see why not?"replied Kami.

Himori attempted the same stance Kami had before swinging her sword and
jumping forward only to fall face flat onto the ground.

"What are you two idiots doing?" spoke a voice from behind.

It was Hiromichi who had just woken up. He was tied up sitting next to a
tree as he stared at them with an angry expression.

"Oh, good you're awake. I figure I would teach some of my skills to this
little companion of mines but it doesn't seem to be working. Is it just
some time kind of thing or is there an easier way?"

"Tsk! What the hell?! What kind of skill user doesn't know how to teach
others a skill, especially one who can swing a sword like that and kill
a chimera in one shot?! You must be joking!!" he yelled out in anger as
he swung his feet around.

"Hmmm... tell you what you tell me how to work this whole skill thing
out and I'll let you out of your ropes but only after you tell me how. I
do hope you don't try to run away, after all if you do back in the ropes
you go." replied Kami.

"You serious? Ha! It's a deal! Okay listen closely idiot, there's a few
ways to teach someone a skill the way you're going about it right now is
probably the slowest and it's not guaranteed, seeing someone use a skill
repeatedly will increase the chances of someone learning it. The second
best by far is to channel the information to them, but that will require
them to have ten times the amount of resource that the skill costs, good
luck teaching the little girl with that!" he smirked.

"Hmmm, and the best option?" asked Kami

"Well that one is morally on you. Making them your permanent companion
until you release them from their bind. It combines the second option
along with it but makes it easier. It will only cost five times the
amount but on the bright side you can toggle Stat Share or something
like that." informed Hiromichi

"Stat Share? Come on don't make me ask like that just spit it out."
demanded Kami

"Tsk! Excuse me for thinking you would know this crap! It's not exactly
classified information among skill users! *Stat Sharing* is something
the binder can toggle in their passive skills on their bonded
companions. It will give a five percent stat boost to the companions
based around his stats. It's like a power up. Makes it even easier to
learn skills as well the more they see it." replied Hiromichi

"And that's really the best way for this?" asked Kami suspiciously.

"Well there's always scrolls. Some merchants and guilds give the more
common ones for free or a small prize but there's always scrolls out
there that are incredibly rare. Once someone uses the scroll though it
disappears permanently; are you sure you're an adventurer or something?
This is all common information why the hell would you be asking me
this?" questioned Hiromichi.

Kami looked at Himari starting at him before walking up to her and smiling.

"Do you want to wait for us to get some scrolls instead? I'm not sure
how comfortable you are with being bonded to me." he asked her.

She shook her head and with a panic face replied.

"I-I don't care! I want to get strong like you so I can defend people
like a real hero. As long as Mister Kami doesn't do anything mean I-I
don't mind!"

/Ah she sounds like she's doubting herself a little bit. Well this is a
sure way to make my companions a lot stronger but not sure how
comfortable I am with giving them power boosts that fast. A game with
overpowered characters tends to get boring pretty fast. Then again this
is real life mixture of gaming... a sure what's the worst that can
happen. /

"Alright Hiromichi how do I do this bond thing with her?" he asked

"Ha! Taking this little girl as a companion?! What a joke! Sure, she'll
get a small stat boost from you but what level are you?! Thirty or so
since you were able to one shot my chimera with that clearly over
powered skill? She'll only get strong enough to start calling herself a
decent adult at best." yelled out Hiromichi in a mocking tone.

"Just tell me how to do it and the ropes are off"

"Tsk! Fine! Grab each other's hands like your shaking them and ask her
to bond with you. That will prompt a message on her that she'll have to
accept. That's it. Now get me off these damn ropes dammit!" he continued
to struggle as he yelled out.

Kami grabbed her little hand and smiled at her as he asked her.

"Bond...with me? Did I do that right there?" he looked dumbfounded at
Hiromichi.

"Hahaha! You sound like a pervert asking a little girl that!!" Hiromichi
laughed.

Suddenly Kami could feel Himari's strength increase almost like they
were linked. He looked at her as she looked surprised at herself. He saw
a small notification on the side of his eye and pulled it up.

*[Companion] *

Name: *Himari Chiba*

LVL: 1

EXP: 2/50

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion

HP: 85/85

Stamina: 81/81

Mana: 83/83

Strength: 77

Endurance: 77

Intelligence: 81

Dexterity: 76

Charisma: 76

Wisdom: 76

/L-loli In-Training?! Why did her title change to that!? That DOES make
me sound like a pervert!/

"So, what was the stat boost?! Averagely a hero's stat boost to their
allies at your level is around twenty points on the hero's best stat,
that should make her appear around Level 6 or something. Congrats you
got yourself a started adventurer,hahahaha!" Hiromichi continued to
laugh mockingly at them.

"Actually, she got seventy-five points on each stat. Where exactly would
that place her?" Kami asked curiously.

"W-wait you serious?! That's insane? Perfect seventy-five points across
her stats?! Who the hell are you kid?! Never met a hero who could give
that much of a boost to such low level." Hiromichi began frantically
talking.

"Is it that high really? I see your stats it still seems pretty low ball
to me" replied Kami.

"Tsk! So, you have some *Data* skill I see. Yeah well considering she
doesn't have an actual Occupation that raises her stats at this point
she'll only get base stats. Speaking like that she should be around
Level 15 as an adventurer with no Occupation.""

"Occupations give you even more stats?" Kami replied in a surprised tone.

"Come on you have got to be the worst adventurer out there! You're a
walking idiot of a powerhouse!! Of course, they do! Depending on your
occupation certain stats will grow more than others. People mostly pick
their occupation based around where their base stats are better at.
Seriously get me off these ropes, now!!!"

Himari stared at herself almost in awe for her new-found strength. She
swung her small sword around before jumping in excitement. The new stats
seem to have made her incredibly happy and now she looked even more
determined to become a hero herself.

Kami pleased with her reaction snapped his fingers and the ropes that
were restraining Himorichi vanished.

Himorichi immediately jumped to his feet and began laughing out loud as
he threw some punches into the air as if happy to regain his muscle
movement.

"You sure you want to do this hero? I could always take that little girl
hostage and threaten you to let me go." Himorichi mocked

"I'm supposed to be the idiot, right? Why would you ever tell me that?"
Kami looked at him dumbfounded.

"Hah! Anyhow I'm interested still, what the hell are you? You must be
incredibly higher level to give that kind of stat boost to a little
girl. Come on I don't have a *Data* skill tell me?! Spar with me so I
can get a good reading on your skills!" Himorichi pressured.

"Please you had your chance, you coward in fear when you saw me one shot
that Chimera. Time to head to the city to collect my bounty"

"Tsk it wasn't fear! I was just surprise!! Damn you I won't go that
easily!!" exclaimed Himorichi.

"A-actually Mister Kami. I'm sorry to ask but I kind of wanted to test
out my new strength, plus. I haven't really learned any new skills from
you, s-so... ummm..." Himari looked embarrassingly at the floor as if
she had spoken out of line.

"Hmmm no I can understand. Alright new plan! We'll head deeper into
these woods and find some low-level enemies to test out your skills!
Himorichi, Himari, let's go!" commanded Kami as he started walking into
the woods.

"Yes sir!" followed an excited Himari.

"H-hey you're not the leader here! Besides I'm your prisoner I don't
have to follow you around I gotta find a way to escape!!" Himorichi said
but still followed Kami into the woods.

The sun was at its highest point as the group made their way deeper into
the woods. Only time would tell where these three would end up on their
next adventure.

