
Seriously kid what's your level here? I've never met a humanoid type
race who could be as strong as you. You must be a godkin child." spoke
Hiromichi.

"A what now child?" asked Kami

Himari was swinging her sword at some nearby slimes and goblins. The
group of monsters seemed to have teamed up in an effort to keep the
little girl away. Prior to this they had seen her and assume she was an
easy target. Now an unspoken alliance existed between the two groups of
monsters as they had witnessed many of their kind dying easily to the
hands of her. Nearly thirty monsters were lined up against her as
Himari's complete focus was on slaying them.

On the other hand, Kami and Hiromichi spoke on the sidelines observing
the situation.

"A Godkin child! They're supposed to be children born with the blessing
of a god or even a child of the gods themselves. They have abnormally
higher stats than normal people, that's what you are right?! No wonder I
couldn't beat you, tsk!" Hiromichi continued to barrage Kami with
questions.

"Nothing of the sort. Look I'll answer your questions as best I can if
you answer me this, why did you kidnap all those villagers back there?"
asked Kami.

"Why? Heh! It's what I do right? I'm the bad guy so I kidnap people!"
replied Hiromichi

"That seems pretty bland for an answer. Any specific reason, money? Evil
purpose besides kidnap, give me something here." Kami insisted.

"Look! I'm the Wild Beast Tamer of the North okay?! It's my job to live
up to that name! Erasing an entire population from a village is
something I do got it?!" he angrily spoke.

"But you're the Wild Beast Tamer of the North not the, Random Village
Kidnapper of no Probable Cause. I'm just saying your reasoning is
strange." Kami spoke as he looked over at Himari slaying the monsters.

"Tsk, whatever! You can only speak this mighty cause you got a bit of
good luck stats on you but just you watch! One day I'm going to
out-level you and I'm gonna smash your handsome face in kid!"

/Ah this guy is actually just a big attention seeking talker. Could it
be he really has no reason to do what he did...come to think of it, in a
game when you come across a guy like this you usually end up killing him
and never really caring for his motives right? He just kidnaps a bunch
of people, he's a bad guy, he's got to be stopped. Could it be he's just
that...was I supposed to just kill him off as a bad guy and this is just
the result of me not doing so? /

"First, I don't think you're must older than me in terms of looks. I
look around... seventeen... eighteen maybe you're around what....
twenty-two?" commented Kami as he continued to observe Himari.

"Twenty-one I'm not that old!!!" Hiromichi said as if he had just been
offended.

"Sorry it's the whole...super muscles and long wild hair, makes you look
bit older." apologized Kami.

"Tsk! You're just all bones and no meat kid. If you're gonna be my rival
you should shape up!!!"

"You know I'm going to turn you in for gold right?" replied Kami as he
smiled mischievously at him.

Hiromichi simply let out a grumble before turning his attention to Himari.

She looked like she was easily defeating the monsters with a simple
swing of her small sword. She gave up on using the shield considering
the goblins and slimes were doing zero damage to her. It had been a few
hours since they had wandered into the forest and had found monsters for
her to kill.

Kami began wondering why there were so many monsters around. He looked
at Hiromichi and asked.

"Why are there so many monsters here? Is it normal?"

Hiromichi simply crossed his arms and looked away as if refusing to
answer his question.

"Aww come on don't be a sour loser you know what this is about all
along. Best you can do is play nice as we get to the city. Besides I'm
sure you've done plenty of things besides kidnapping villagers to
deserve this."

"Fine! To answer your question, which is stupid by the way, monsters
always respawn in wild areas like this. Anything outside civilizations,
monsters spawn all the time. It's mother nature's way since the
beginning, seriously where do you come from?! How do you not know any of
this?!" Hiromichi persisted in getting answers from Kami.

"I'm from a faraway place, can we just say that? Nothing like this exist
where I come from so I'm coming to understand what's going on here."
replied Kami.

"What corner of Tyr doesn't have monsters and adventurers? Whatever just
stop asking me all this crap it's like teaching a toddler." said a
frustrated Hiromichi.

/Ah well it looks like I'm done getting info from him. Hopefully I get
some more answers from someone else in the future but for now I think I
understand some of the basics stuff around this world./

"I-Im done!" said Himari as she breathed heavily.

Kami suspected she was more tired from the consistency of having to kill
monsters for hours without end then because of the difficulty of the
monsters. He pulled up his Companion menu to check out her stats.

*[Companions] *

Name: *Himari Chiba *

LVL: 3

EXP: 256/300

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion

HP: 93/93

Stamina: 85/85

Mana: 92/92

Strength: 82

Endurance: 83

Intelligence: 91

Dexterity: 79

Charisma: 78

Wisdom: 83

"It's looking from those two levels you earned that your best stats are
constitution, mana, and intelligence so if I'm correct here... a mage?"
commented Kami after looking at her stats.

"M-mage? I don't have a skill to be a mage" replied Himari looking a
bummed out.

"Don't worry about it, since I can't really transfer info to you right
now cause even with the stat boost your mana shouldn't be able to handle
some stuff, we'll just wait until we get to the city and we'll buy some
scrolls with the gold we get from Himorichi to teach you magic there.
For now stick to the sword since I don't think any of these monsters are
strong enough to beat you anyway."

"Yay! I'm excited, I never thought I would be a mage!" replied an
enthusiastic Himari.

"What about you kid?! What's your Class?" asked Himorichi looking at
Kami suspiciously.

"I don't have one yet." replied Kami as he crouched next to Himari and
adjusted her small metal plate armor she had strapped on her.

"Bullshit! You gotta be kidding me with that!! You know what no! I
demand answers who the hell are you?!"

Kami let out a heavy sigh as he snapped his fingers once again.
Himorichi fell to the floor as he began to snore loudly. Himari looked
in awe yet again as if it was the first time seeing him do this.

/Who knew such a simple thing as making someone fall asleep could be so
useful. /

"So how are you feeling with your new strength? Comfortable yet?" asked
Kami gently smiling at Himari.

"Y-yes I am! I still wish I could use a skill but I'm so happy I can
defend myself against those Goblins. Before I met you, I could only run
away and throw rocks at them now I can stand up to them!" Himari replied
as she looked at him with bright eyes.

"That's good to hear. Well we should probably head back to the road"
Kami spoke as he picked up Himorichi and started walking.

Himari simply followed next to him excited to continue being a part of
this adventure.

She began speaking to Kami about her life and how she had spent all of
summer helping her parents with the crops or how she had treated some of
the farm animals back in the village. They continued this for the next
hour or so before Kami stopped in his tracks and looked around. They
were still surrounded by woods as far as he could see and only now did
he realize he had aimlessly walked into a direction without being aware
of where they were headed.

"S-something the matter Mister Kami?" she asked with a certain panic in
her voice.

/Well I got us lost, great. You know it's amazing how aimless life feels
without being the Omnipotent all-knowing God. I have to give more credit
to my creations as to how they survive so long without infinite
knowledge. /

"I think we're lost, but not to worry" Kami said as he snapped his
fingers and suddenly he could hear Hiromichi's snores stop.

"Uhh wh-what?! Hey let go off me!! Why are you carrying me like I was a
sack of potatoes!!! Let go kid!!!"

Kami did as he asked and simply tossed him to the floor with a blank
expression.

"We're lost, got any idea how to get back?" asked Kami.

"W-what the hell?! How long was I knocked out for this time?! You have
got to be the worst adventurer out there!" yelled out Hiromichi.

"Look do you have a way back or not?" Kami raised his fingers in a
snapping motion and suddendly Hiromichi looked in fear.

"W-w-wait wait wait! No need to put me back to sleep. I got something
here" he said as he pulled out a scroll and lifted in front of himself.

Suddenly there was a puff of smoke and within it appeared a large sized
wolf. It's fur was blue and grey and had glowing red eyes. It was bigger
than both Kami and Hiromichi and a colossal compared to Himari.

Hiromichi walked up to it and started patting it's side as the wolf
seemed to recognize him as it's master.

"This here is a Feral Giant Wolf. It was quite a catch before the
Chimera. This big guy here should be able to sniff his way around. Try
not to kill it or something kid it's probably in our best interest."

"That's actually pretty amazing. So, do Beast Tamers summon monsters or-"

"Let me stop you there. We don't summon them. We go out and Capture
monsters with the Capture skill. Then we seal them up on these scrolls
for later usage. Walking around with a gang of monsters surrounding you
is a good way to bring trouble. Other's do it but not me." interrupted
Hiromichi.

"T-that's so cool" said Himari as she ran up to the wolf and started
petting it.

The wolf seemed to not mind and slowly nuzzled the little girl who was
petting it.

"Y-yeah well most people think it's trouble. Monsters aren't exactly on
friendly terms with humans so obviously having someone going out and
controlling them means you're the enemy." confessed Hiromichi.

/Hm, think I'm understanding him a little. Guess he's always been looked
on as a bad guy because he was a Beast Tamer. Only a matter of time
before you do become the bad guy. Still it doesn't excuse his behavior,
I just understand it more now. /

Kami used his *Data* skill on the Feral Giant Wolf to check out its
stats. He was curious how strong it was in comparison to the Chimera.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Feral Giant Wolf *

Lvl: 18

EXP: 789/ 6000

Title: /Beast /

Class: Monster

HP: 214/214

Stamina: 227/227

Mana: 170/170

Strength: 182

Endurance: 113

Intelligence: 156

Dexterity: 209

Charisma: 105

Wisdom: 98

"Wow some of his stats are significantly lower than your own even though
you two are around the same level. What's up with that?" asked Kami

"Tsk, the idiotic question that come out of this kid. Monsters stats
are  weaker when compared to someone of the same level because they
don't get an Class boost, usually. They do however only take half the
amount of exp to level up compared to humans which is why monsters are
usually stronger. The higher your level the higher your base stat boost.
There comes a point when the monster gets a significantly higher stat
boost than we do so that's why monsters are still a threat to us."
replied Hiromichi.

"That's interesting. Well either way, we need to find a way back to the
road, so can your wolf here do the job?"

"You bet he can kid! Alright do your thing Wolf!" exclaimed Hiromichi.

On his command the Wolf began sniffing the ground around it and started
leading them. The group followed shortly behind it hoping the monster
would lead them back on the road.

