
"We've been at this for hours I don't think your wolf is taking us back
to the road"

They had been following the Feral Giant Wolf around for a few hours now
with no luck in finding their way back to the road. The sun was
beginning to set as they continued to walk but no matter how far they
went they would find themselves surrounded by trees.

"Listen kid, this wolf here is a natural born tracker if we can't find
the way back it means somethings up around here!" yelled out Hiromichi.

"Are we lost here Mr. Kami?" Himari voice spoke from the top of Kami's
head.

"Ahhh don't worry too much Himari, we'll find the way back" he replied.

She had grown tired of walking all this time and Kami had offered to
carry her on his shoulders. Kami wasn't very worried either way about
being lost in the forest. If he really wanted to he could just get
everyone out of here in an instant but he decided to let things play out
as normally as he could.

"Tsk! It's getting pretty late anyway. We should set up camp and rest"
Hiromichi recommended.

"Great that sounds like a plan" Kami stopped walking and stared at him.

There was a moment of silence where they all simply stared at each other
before Hiromichi yelled out.

"Did you not bring any supplies?!"

"Why, didn't you?" Kami asked as he stared dumbfounded at him.

"I'm your prisoner you idiot!!! Great we're gonna starve and die of cold
out here in the middle of nowhere cause you're possibly the worst
adventurer out there!"

There never really is anything like camping and stuff in RPGs. It's
usually I save and turn the game off and on as I please, my characters
never need to rest. Ahh this mixture of real life makes it a lot harder.

"Relax, we're not going to starve and die out here. I would expect the
mighty Wild Beast Tamer of the North to be able to survive a night out
here in the wild considering your name."

"Tsk, I can take care of myself! Don't expect me to help you out
though!!" replied an angry Hiromichi

"That's fine, could at least help out Himari then. I'm going to take a
look around and see if I can get some idea as to where we really are."

He grabbed Himari from his shoulders and gently placed her down on the
ground. She looked at him with panic in her eyes as she spoke.

"Mister Kami I want to come with you! What if he tries to hurt me or
worse!" she begged as she looked back at Hiromichi with suspicious eyes.

"W-what does that even mean?! You know I was gonna help you out little
twerp but forget it! Stay with that guy see if he'll keep you alive."
said Hiromichi as he walked up to his wolf and placed a scroll on it.

The Feral Giant Wolf immediately disappeared as he put away the scroll
and looked around.

"Hmmm fair point, alright new plan we should just...stick together. I
can't risk you doing some suspicious animal instinct based act on this
child you Beast and at the same time I can't risk you running off on me.
You're my pot of gold, so guess we camp!" said Kami in an enthusiastic
tone as though he had come up with the best idea.

Himari clapped her hands and nodded her head in agreement as Hiromichi
looked at Kami in a furious stare.

"T-that's what I just said we should do!"

In just a few minutes Kami and Hiromichi had set a small camp. Kami had
started a fire from some of the wood laying around the area and
Hiromichi had found some apples and berries from some nearby trees and
brushes. At first, he was reluctant to share but eventually he gave in
and gave some to both of them.

Night was settling and Himari had fallen asleep already, exhausted from
the trip while Hiromichi stayed up a while longer before also knocking
out. Kami on the other hand laid on the ground staring at the sky
keeping alert in case something showed up.

Almost as if predicting something would happen he heard a couple of
bushes a few yards away rumbling as he sat up and stared at them.

He stared in silence as a burst of adrenaline filled him. Kami was
hoping it was a monster or something he could slay as he not done so in
a few days now. He felt this was a bit slower paced then he imagined but
ever so worth it when he got into a fight.

From the bushes three figures immerged ever so slowly. Kami jumped on
his feet and snapped his fingers as the three figures collapsed into the
floor. They were struggling as one of the figures spoke in a deep voice.

"What's this?"

"Ngh! T-this, it must be a Binding spell." said another deep voice but
sounded much younger.

"I can't break free with my magic, this is some powerful... stuff!" this
time a high pitch voice spoke.

Kami realized these were people and not monsters as he slowly approached
them. The commotion had woken up Hiromichi as well as he sat up. He was
still drowsy so he wasn't quite aware of the situation.

"Who might you three be?" asked Kami approaching them.

"I might ask you the same thing mate. What kind of greeting is this.
First sign of life we've seen in weeks and they tie us up with magic."
said the young voice.

"We're adventurers. We've been looking for a way out for weeks now but
we've been stuck here." said the first voice.

Kami was still suspicious about them but decided there would be no harm
in letting them out. He snapped his fingers again releasing them from
their bind. The three figures sat up and Kami could see them much
clearer now that he was closer.

The first man to have spoken was clearly the oldest. He looked like he
was on his mid to late thirties and had heavy armor plating on himself.
It looked like standard heavy knight armor but the real stick out was
the giant heavy shield he had strapped to his back. It was dark and had
some inscriptions on it Kami couldn't make heads or tails off. His face
looked exhausted but had a certain seriousness to it. His left eye was
blanked out as if someone had removed the sight from it. His other eye
was black as well has his short black hair. It looked like someone had
flatted out the top of his hair.

As for the second man he looked around the same age as Kami. He wore
farmer looking clothing with the exception of a blue cape he had
strapped across his shoulders. He also had a fancy looking staff that
had a distinct red tint to it. His eyes were dark blue and gave a hint
of mistrust when he looked at Kami. His hair was messy and covered part
of his left face and had the same dark blue tint to it as his eyes.

The last one was a girl. She had colorful blue eyes that looked
innocently at him. Her hair was about shoulders length and could be
compared to an autumns leaf orange. She wore a small metal silver plate
across her chest and underneath that a long blue dress. She carried
around what looked like a smaller version of a staff, almost like a
bludgeon and rod combined and a small shield on her left hand similar to
Himari's but had a much more resistant look to it. She also looked
around the same age as the second guy.

"And you, young man, who might you be?" asked the older looking man.

"Hmm the name's Kami, I don't think we need to tell you we're both in
the same situation here."

"Indeed, let me properly present myself. I am Asahi Taniguchi and this
is my daughter Marie Taniguchi. This is a friend of my daughters and our
fellow group adventurer Keishi Nakano." said Asahi as the daughter
slightly bowed.

The young man known as Keishi though kept staring at Kami with suspicion
and hardly budged when his name was mentioned.

Hiromichi now complete awake stood up and walked up to Kami slapping his
shoulder as hard as possible before staring at the three adventures in
front of him.

"Do they have any supplies we can steal from them?" asked Hiromichi.

"C'mon Hiromichi we're not going to steal from them. We're not,
seriously." said Kami as the adventures had a look of alarm across their
face for a second.

The man known as Asahi however eyed Hiromichi before speaking.

"Young Kami, as you might have noticed this forest seems to be cursed.
No matter how much we try to exit we cannot. We soon found ourselves
wandering these same woods over and over. Never did we expect we would
find someone else in the same situation as us. Furthermore, eating from
the fruits this place bears places a curse on the person consuming said
fruit. We recently found this out as our food supplies ran out. Luckily
my daughter here is a Priestess so she has managed to delay the curse
placed on us. However, the inevitability of the curse will consume us
soon so now we continue to wander looking for a way out."

"Agh wait you mean we're cursed!!!" Hiromichi looked aimlessly forward
checking his stats and sure enough underneath his name a Status Effect
appeared showing the fact that he was cursed.

"That's quite a problem" said Kami checking his own status only to find
that he was perfectly find despite eating the fruits earlier today.

/Cursed eh? Wait that reminds me didn't gramps Itsu say something about
Himari being cursed. She didn't have a status effect saying anything
about that when I looked at her stats. Maybe he was simply making
something up so I would drag Himari with me. /

"You, you are the man known as Hiromichi Ueno, The Wild Beast Tamer of
the North, no?" asked Asahi standing up along with the other two.

"What's it to you?" replied Hiromichi.

"We had originally followed your tracks to this point a few weeks ago in
an attempt to capture you and claim your bounty. We took a detour in
this forest to clear some of the monsters in the hopes of giving you a
disadvantage had you chosen to capture any of them here. However, now we
set our goals aside in the hopes of survival."

"Tsk, good luck capturing me! I'm a little bit out of the league of
common adventurers like yourself to take me down. Not to mention this
guy here already has me locked and captured so you're late to the punch
line!!" he mentioned almost in a boasting manner.

The three of them stared in confusion. If Hiromichi was truly captured
why was he up and walking freely. Through their point of view, it looked
more like Kami was an ally of his than his capturer.

"Either way young Kami, we must find the source of this curse. We have
checked the details on it from our status menu and it would seem it's a
curse casted by an individual so it is not from the land itself. We
believe someone holds domain over this area and traps all who come near
it only to have them succumb to the curse these fruits give." said Asahi.

Kami was curious about the curse so he decided to take a look. He
activated his *Data* skill and used it on Hiromichi and proceeded to
select the curse. Another menu open detailing the skill.

He then selected the Curse to find out more about it, to see if there
was any clue as to what this was about.

*[Fruit's Kiss] *

MP-500

<A deadly curse that takes a long amount of time to take hold of the one
casted on. When it does it will kill them and turn them into [Perfect
Zombies] as minions to the caster.>

/Perfect Zombies, is there such a thing as a perfect zombie. That
sounded a bit dramatic. Let's see here what is a Perfect Zombie. /

*[Perfect Zombie] *

<Unlike a zombie a perfect zombie is a complete reincarnation of the
being. The zombie will be capable of doing everything it would be able
to do when it was alive and even have consciousness. They are generally
indistinguishable from normal people except for their abnormal weakness
to fire and holy element and the slight purple ring around their iris.
They have regeneration capabilities and are mostly unkillable unless
using fire or holy magic/weapons against them. Perfect Zombies are not
natural made so if you spot one, it's likely the cause of someone
controlling it.>

Kami pulled the status down and took a look around them. If he didn't
find the caster soon, he would have approximately five perfect zombies
in his hand to deal with.

"You read the description on the Curse and the *Perfect Zombie* right
Kami?! W-what are we waiting for let's go out there and kill this caster
before we turn into that crap!" Hiromichi said in a panic.

"Shouldn't we find the caster and have him or her get rid of the curse
first?" asked Kami in confusion.

"This is no time to be an idiot Kami! Curses can usually be lifted if
you kill the caster. Come on I'm not sitting around another second,
Himari! Wake up we're moving!" Hiromichi yelled out and started walking
into the woods.

Himari jumped up startled and looked around in confusion as she saw the
new faces. She immediately ran up to Kami and hid behind him eyeing the
people in front of her.

The others looked at her for a bit before Asahi stood up and spoke.

"The Beast Tamer is right. This is why we travel even at night. We must
find the caster and rid ourselves of this curse. We have more time than
they think thanks to my daughter here but resting now won't do us good
when we could turn into those abominations any second now"

As he said that he walked towards the direction Hiromichi was. Keishi
stood and nudge Marie's shoulder as he kept his eyes on Kami as though
he was still the enemy.

Marie however only stood up and gave a gentle smile before speaking.

"Keishi go ahead I have something to ask this adventurer here"

Keishi face twisted for a second but nodded his head and reluctantly
walked towards the others.

"What is it?" asked Kami.

She looked around a little almost looking as if she thinking of what to
ask before she looked directly at him. Her eyes were full of light as
she furrowed her eyebrows.

"G-God of All? Just who are you?"

