
What now?" Kami asked surprised at her question.

"I-I read your status with my skill while everyone was talking about the
curse and-" she fell silent not knowing what to say next.

"Hmmm, I should have known. I'm probably not the only one out there who
can read other people's stats and information."

Kami and Marie stood in silence for a second before Himari nudged on
him. He looked down at her and she looked confused about what was going on.

"Himari, why don't you go on with Himorichi and the others for a bit, we
got to talk for a bit here." he told her.

Himari didn't want to leave his side considering he was the only one he
trusted and the others were complete strangers to her as of just a few
minutes ago. However, she understood there was something going on and
she decided to listen to him. She nodded her head and started walking
towards the rest of the group.

"So, do you know who I am?" he asked her.

She shook her head and clapped her hands together as if in prayer.

"I do not know which God you are your most benevolence!"

"Eh? Which God?" he stared dumbfounded at Marie.

"Y-yes! You must have answered my prayers to Goddess Iatra in her stead!
Forgive my rudeness b-but if I may ask why would a God come to rescue us
personally? N-not that I wish to question your decisions I'm just
curious" she closed her eyes and looked down at the ground expecting to
be stricken down for her question.

Kami simply stared at her with a blank expression attempting to process
what was happening right now.

So, this girl thinks I'm one of the Gods in this universe from my title.
Figures, no one in this universe actually knows who I am so she just
assumes I'm one of the Gods here... there's multiple Gods as well?!

He sighed before raising his hand and swinging back in forth in front of
his face as if dismissing the idea.

"I'm nothing like that, look let's just say I'm here to help you guys
out but you can't let the others know who I am"

"Of course! If I may help, h-here. False Data" Marie said raising her
hands at him.

Kami could feel something was casted on him but he couldn't exactly tell
what it was. He looked at her in confusion before she got what was
happening and she answered almost a little too quickly.

"This will make it so anyone trying to read your Status Information will
receive false information. It lasts for a whole week but after that you
will have to reapply it." she said almost bowing as she did.

"That's handy, I'll remember that one for later."

She bowed and Kami immediately panicked. The others were starting at
them from a distance and the fact that she had just bowed to him raised
many questions in their heads.

"Ah please don't do that. Just treat me like a normal person. You'll
blow my cover if you act like that in front of the others, it won't even
have mattered that you casted that False Data Skill on me." Kami said
rubbing the back of his head.

"Y-yes I'm sorry. Well, shall we get going now I'm sorry for holding you
back your mi- Kami."

Kami and Marie made their way back to the group as if nothing had
happened. Asahi was simply standing staring with a serious expression as
his daughter approached them. Hiromichi seemed to be grinning for some
reason and Himari ran up to Kami and took her rightful spot next to him.
Keishi however looked like he wanted to murder Kami with a cold gaze.

Kami ignored it all as he came to a stop. Asahi decided to take the lead
considering he was basically the front line of the group anyway.
Followed by Keishi and then Marie who was basically the support. Behind
that was Hiromichi and Himari and finally Kami. This was the formation
they decided to take.

This was best suitable to keep Marie safe considering she was the one
who could keep them alive and not just because of the curse. She was a
Priestess so she had skills dealing with healing and buffing her allies.

They started walking into the woods again while keeping this formation.

Not less than a few minutes after they started walking Hiromichi slowed
down and whispered to Kami.

"I saw what you were doing back at the camp kid, with the girl"

"What are you talking about?" asked Kami.

"I get it, you two are the same age and she's a pretty one but you keep
it in your pants while we get this curse thing done." Hiromichi spoke
grinning at him.

/This guy has it all twisted. Being in love with one of my creations?
Blegh that's like falling in love with your own little children, right? /

"Weren't you panicking about the curse just a little while back?" asked
Kami changing the subject.

"Tsk! I was not! I'm just not gonna sit around and wait to become an
undead because we need a little shut eye!" said Himorichi out loud.

Everyone turned around to look at him as he shrunk down a bit and walked
back to his position.

They had been walking for a few hours now looking for any signs of
monsters or the caster that could be out there but so far, they had come
across nothing. If it wasn't for Marie constantly buffing them with
energy to continue they would have collapsed of tiredness at this point.

/Ah this is pointless, I should just *Scan *the whole area and see if
there's anything out of the ordinary. I thought it would be simple to
just let them take the lead but turns out I still have to take charge
here. /

Kami's eyes began to glow as he looked around. He could see many red
figures across the area but nothing stuck out. He expanded his field of
vision and found something suspicious. It wasn't exactly visible but he
could see an aura of magic that seemed to be camouflaging something in
plain sight.

"Hmmm..." he said as he deactivated his skill.

"What is it, young Kami?" asked Asahi as they came to a halt.

Everyone turned their attention to him before he spoke up.

"I've scanned the whole area and I found something suspicious. It's like
a gate, it seems to be hidden with a spell or something it's actually
pretty big. Also, I'm pretty sure there's a monster there as well hidden
alongside the gate as a guardian"

"You bastard. You had a *Scan* ability all along and didn't bother to
say or use it all along?!" Hiromichi yelled out.

"Awfully suspicious that you just told us that now traveler. Almost as
if you were delaying" spoke Keishi.

"Hmmm this would have been handy a while ago, what is the meaning of
this?" questioned Asahi

Himari clung to Kami's shirt as if fearful they would turn against him.

"Guys focus. I'm more than sure his exce-Kami had his reasons. The point
is we know now and we should follow on that" spoke Marie

"Tch, whatever" said Keishi as he turned away.

"Really are an idiot Kami, we could have been zombified by now!" spoke
Hiromichi.

"Very well, where to young Kami?" asked Asahi.

"Should be a few minutes away from here heading east." Kami spoke not
really caring about the verbal assault and questioning placed on him.

As God of everything he was used to masses of people doubting and
questioning his every move and even existence. After millions of years
at this point he could care less when someone spoke ill or questioned
his decisions.

"We shall follow this lead but if there's anything more we should know,
do not delay in relaying this information to us young Kami, this is no
game, lives are at stake."

With that Asahi started walking towards the direction Kami had told him
. The rest followed short all giving him different expressions. Keishi
threw a frustrated stare while Marie simply smiled at him and nodded her
head. Hiromichi ignored him and just continued along his way.

Himari tugged on his shirt as Kami looked down at her.

"D-did you do something wrong?" she asked.

Kami shrugged and smiled.

"Don't worry about it too much Himari, we're on our way to breaking this
curse and getting out of these woods."

She simply smiled and nodded her head.

Things had turned a little for the bad side for Kami but again he didn't
really care. Back in time had they done something he found offensive or
even anger inducing he would have destroyed cities, nations, worlds and
universes, even entire races for a simple act like that. Now he just
went with the flow and let them do as they please.

Kami was always inclined to do the right thing, but he didn't see
himself as the good guy all the time. That was just what his creations
expected of him so they called him funny little things like "benevolent"
and "pure being". In fact, most of creation itself was simply done
because he had selfishly desired to make something, so he did, that was
the truth. Sure, he couldn't tolerate evil beings, mostly because they
destroyed what he built and had awful energy he could not tolerate. But
if evil meant going around having your way without the need to cause
harm, he wouldn't mind it much.

He shook his head and laughed a little before grabbing Himari's hand and
catching up to the rest of the group. For now, the group of adventures
were headed towards whatever was causing the problem. Kami braced
himself for a possible battle as he grinned with excitement.

