
They had reached an open field with nothing in sight but trees
everywhere. The rest of the group turned to look at Kami an Himari as
they emerged from a few trees as if expecting to hear a solution from
him. Kami stood and stared back with a confused face.

"What now genius?" spoke Keishi.

"Tsk even if there is something here how are we supposed to detect it?
Wouldn't happen to be hiding another skill that would do something here
wouldya?!" barked Himorichi.

"I'm sure I can do something about it but whatever it is that's there
will probably attack as soon as I reveal them so stay alert" Kami said.

The group readied their weapons as they aimed them towards the empty
field infront of them.

Kami lifted his fingers and snapped them. Almost immediately like
curtain falling a twenty-foot looking creature revealed itself.

It was big and almost thin looking. It had long legs and arms that
stretched to the floor almost as if dragging them. It had giant
gear-looking cuffs on its wrists, shoulders, and ankles. Its head was
small and almost metallic. It gave the vibe like it was an old machine
like an iron giant just incredibly rusty. However, if you inspected it
closely you could see rotten flesh and even some bone structure in its
face and parts of its body. It raised its arm which had a giant blade
attached to it almost like a scythe.

Its eyes glowed red as soon as it felt it had been detected and was now
preparing to engage on them.

The rest of the group stared in fear before Kami decided to take a good
look at what this creature was.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Undead Gearfried Giant (Legendary) *

LVL: 27

EXP: 8679/14000

Title: Undead Zombie

Class: Monster

HP: 789/789

Stamina: 766/766

Mana: 613/613

Strength: 780

Endurance: 745

Intelligence: 313

Dexterity: 149

Charisma: 149

Wisdom: 147

/Those stats are definitely bigger than the Chimera we took on. It also
says Legendary, typically that would make it a rare boss or monster,
right? So, is that why it has higher stats than the Chimera? What about
them? Can they handle this guy?
/

*[Status Bar]*/
/

Name: *Asahi Taniguchi *

LVL: 20

EXP: 3421/14000

Title: /Shield Barrer Knight/

Class: Paladin

HP: 353/353

Stamina: 350/350

Mana: 289/289

Strength: 240

Endurance: 313

Intelligence: 215

Dexterity: 250

Charisma: 245

Wisdom: 280


*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Marie Taniguchi *

LVL: 11

EXP: 1837/ 6000

Title: /Devoted Girl /

Class: Priestess

HP: 81/81

Stamina: 80/80

Mana: 113/113

Strength: 75

Endurance: 79

Intelligence: 98

Dexterity: 78

Charisma: 90

Wisdom: 120


*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Keishi Nakamo *

Lvl: 13

EXP: 153/7000

Title: /Friend-zoned Fire-Mage /

Class: Mage

HP: 95/95

Stamina: 86/86

Mana: 131/131

Strength: 81

Endurance: 80

Intelligence: 128

Dexterity: 90

Charisma: 76

Wisdom: 96

/They are way under leveled to handle this guy even with Hiromichi and
Himari. Which funny enough she's almost as strong as them just by a few
points. Think Hiromichi exaggerated on the stats Class gives you, at
least, early on. /

He shook his head. This was no time to be comparing stats with his
companion, he would have to take the lead here.

As he prepared to jump in between them the monster raised its free arm
in front of himself. Purple drops of magic dropped to the floor in front
of it and from the ground skeletons emerged. The skeletons that emerged
began to grow in numbers and soon it looked like there was an army of
them ready to strike them down.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Skeleton *

LVL: 8

EXP: - / 1600

Title: /Undead /

Class: Monster

HP: 27/27

Stamina: 25/25

Mana: 15/15

Strength: 21

Endurance: 18

Intelligence:10

Dexterity: 13

Charisma: 9

Wisdom: 10

They were not powerful on their own, but put one hundred of these
together and they would drain you down especially with a giant monster
that could swing at you and kill you in one second.

"Focus!!! Take care of the minions first but be wary of the giant over
there! I'll take aggro so Marie keep those heals ready on me! Keishi,
try to nuke a few of them down at a time to make it easier on us. As for
the rest of you!" Asahi yelled out as he looked at them.

"We got it" said Kami as he looked at Himari.

She had a gleam of fear in her eyes but overall, she looked prepared to
fight. She held her small sword and shield in front of her as she kept
her eyes on the skeletons.

Himorichi simply took out a scroll and a small squad of goblins appeared
in front of him as he positioned himself almost in a beast's manner of
attacking.

Marie was the only one who looked at Kami almost as if waiting for him
to strike down the enemies instantly.

Kami simply smiled and crossed his arms.

Alright let's see what they can do, should see how Himari fights in a
situation like this without me first. I'll keep everyone alive as a
support for now but soon as I can I'll KO that monster.

The army of skeletons started charging at the adventures.

Asahi raised his giant shield and ran up to the skeletons. He knocked
and killed a few just with the simple force of his shield. Once he was
well inside surrounded by skeletons he yelled out.

"*Battle Cry*!"

A red wave of energy echoed across the field and the skeletons eyes
focused on Asahi.

He had taunted them and now the skeletons complete focus were on him.

Keishi spun his staff around and planted it on the ground.

"*Fire Strike*!"

A collective amount of balls made of fire appeared behind him as the
suddenly directed themselves randomly at some of the skeletons exploding
on contact, killing a few of them off.

He looked at Kami with a smirk as if trying to show him just how strong
he actually is.

Marie seemed focus on her dad, she lifted her weapon in the direction of
her father and spoke out.

"*Reinforce*!"

Asahi gave a distinct glow before returning to normal.

Marie had just buffed her father up so he would receive less damage from
the skeletons that were now trying to attack him from all directions.

Hiromichi and his small squad of goblins charged forward and started
attacking the skeletons in their path. The goblins were doing slower
work but Hiromichi was mauling them down.

Himari had run up to a few skeletons and was taking them down with ease
as well with the swing of her sword. Her stance and guard were almost a
little too perfect for someone who had just picked up a sword and shield
just a day ago.

Kami observed the commotion with great detail while keeping an eye out
on the giant undead. It wasn't moving or reacting to them killing the
skeletons. He figured that he probably would not attack until someone
approached him, considering his movement seemed bulky.

He also looked behind the undead to see the small arch gate. It was
glowing purple as if it was a gateway of sorts. Kami grinned, this was
much more interesting than the giant to him. He wondered were that would
lead him too.

"Tch! Begone foul evil!" yelled out Asahi as he swung the giant shield
at a group of skeletons sending them flying.

"D-dad that monster is a legendary creature! We have to retreat as fast
as we can we don't have the stats for it!" yelled out Marie staring at
Kami once more.

"Focus on healing and buffing Marie! I got this!" yelled Keishi as once
again he swung his staff around and slammed it on the ground. The
fireballs appeared once again and threw themselves at the skeletons
causing another explosion.

"Heh! Look at that fancy play mage-boy! I can swing my arms around and
take these guys out!" yelled out Hiromichi as he ran through the
battlefield destroying the skeletons simply by swinging his hand around
like an animal striking.

"Mister Kami! Am I doing a good job?" asked Himari as she swung her
sword down on a skeleton.

The skeleton fell apart almost instantaneously and Himari looked back at
him, smiling.

"What about you hot stuff? Not going to do anything to help out or is
all you know a few parlor tricks?" mocked Keishi smirking yet again.

"Just ignore that idiot! He's probably too stupid to realize what's even
happening,haha!" yelled out Hiromichi.

In truth Hiromichi was questioning in his thoughts why Kami had not
decided to take action yet. He was confident that Kami would be able to
handle these skeletons quite fast on his own.

Kami continued to observe the fight. The Gearfried raised its hand once
more and the same drops fell from his hand making more skeletons rise
from the ground.

However, this time the skeletons spawned at a faster rate and in a
matter of seconds the numbers began to rise. They had taken down quite a
few but with new summons now there were nearly three hundred skeletons.
The field was almost entire covered in skeletons now as the group began
to panic.

Asahi and the rest of them continued their strategy. Asahi kept taunting
the skeletons while Marie kept buffing her father up and Keishi
continued to strike the skeletons down with his fire magic. However, the
numbers were too big for Asahi now to taunt all of them so a few
skeletons started heading towards Keishi and Marie, the backline.

"N-no way!" panicked Keishi raising his staff into the air, "Fire Wall!"

A wall of fire raised itself in front of Marie and Keishi blocking the
skeletons from approaching them any further.

Some of the skeletons were smarter though and started to walk around the
wall of fire.

Marie raised her weapon once more towards the incoming skeletons on her
flank and yelled out.

"*Cleanse Undead*!"

A few of the skeletons turned to dust but a few others were only hurt
and continued their advance.

Hiromichi seeing the skeletons reaching the back line started running
past the mobs and tried to reach them before Keishi and Marie were hurt.

Himari was starting to get outnumbered but was still easily swing her
sword down on many of the skeletons. She was still young so she was not
really paying attention to anything besides herself and the monsters in
front of her.

The goblins Himorichi had summoned had died off and now that he was not
on the front line holding back the skeletons, they began flooding forward.

Asahi tried his hardest to maintain as many skeletons taunted but
without Marie now reinforcing him and with an increase in numbers it
looked like he would not be able to keep it up as the skeletons swung at
him from all directions.

"W-what's up with this?! It keeps summoning more and more skeletons it's
a never-ending wave" Keishi spoke kicking back a skeleton.

"Dammit this is not looking good! Why are you guys so weak!!!" yelled
out Hiromichi.

"W-we should have run when we had the chance!" said Marie as she swung
her weapon down on a skeletons skull.

"Team,retreat! I'll hold off as many as I can, you have to run!" Asahi
yelled dropping his shield on a few skeletons.

Himari heard Asahi yell and almost immediately ran back towards Kami as
if she had been called back home.

The rest of them noticed the situation and nodded their heads. At this
point even, the field was becoming more than flooded with skeletons some
of them were emerging from behind the trees. They started running but
soon noticed Kami just standing there looking at the skeletons.

"Hey idiot if you're not gonna help at least run! We have to leave now!"
Hiromichi said with an angry tone.

"Leave him, clearly he's frozen in fear from seeing all those skeletons,
ha! Figures he was good for nothing. Must have been a joke when you said
he had captured you" spoke Keishi.

"E-enough! We have to go now! The faster we go the faster Dad can get
away!" said Marie as she grabbed Keishi by the shoulder and pulled him
with all his might.

Kami sighed and lifted his fingers. It had gone poorly for them but it
was better than he had expected. He thought he would have to jump in and
save someone but at least this way that wouldn't be necessary.

He snapped his finger,casting *[Cleanse Undead]* and just like that, all
the skeletons disappeared into ashes.

