
[Congratulations you are now Lvl 8]

/Yes! It can be automatically toggled so you level up on your own. I
knew messing with the settings while I waited for them to finish up
would help as well. 6400 EXP for that many zombies though, good enough
right?/

As he continued to look into the stats and admire them, everyone else
was frozen.

Asehi stood in the middle of the field looking around in confusion as to
where the skeletons had gone, but had seen Kami snap his fingers before
they disappeared.

Keishi and Himorichi stood with their jaws dropped knowing fully well
that it had been Kami who had easily dispatched that large group of
skeletons.

Marie was delighted in seeing Kami's work and just as equally surprised.
She had seen the work of the gods first hand and this only helped
strengthen her devotion.

Himari jumped up and down in excitement in front of Kami's face.

"You really are a hero Mister Kami! That was so cool and just the way
you snapped your fingers and took care of all of them, wow!"

One among them was not so delighted. The Undead Gearfried Giant let out
a roar as he lifted his hands once more. This time though he moved
towards Kami sensing he was the biggest threat.

Asahi seeing the giant move immediately retreated backing up onto Kami.

"Young Kami, lend me your strength once more to defeat this creature of
darkness" he spoke confidently. "I will be your shield if you are to
assist me"

"There's no need for that."

Kami had seen enough so he simply raised his fingers again casting
*[Fire Strike] *and snapped them.

From his back large fireballs appeared and threw themselves at The
Undead Gearfriend Giant similar to Keishi's attack. However, these were
far larger and when they made contact with the creature not only created
an explosion in which everyone had to hold onto from but instantly set
the Giant ablaze in a large fire that covered the whole area and seemed
to reach to the sky. It stood still for a bit before the body collapsed
backwards onto the field, completely dead. A prong appeared on in front
of him saying "EXP+2800"

[Congratulations you are now LVL 9]

/That's a lot more experience for that one monster than the Chimera was.
Wonder if it had something to do with it being a legendary creature.
/

*[Status Bar]*/
/

Name:*Kami*

LVL: 9

EXP: 1126/3500

Title: /God of All/Runaway God /

Class: N/A (Level 5 Reached, Class Unlocked]

HP: 2500/2500

Stamina: 2250/2500

Mana: 2410/2500

Strength: 2500

Endurance: 2500

Intelligence: 2500

Dexterity: 2500

Charisma: 7

Wisdom: 2500

/Nice stats, just going to ignore Charisma from now on no idea what
that's about. Oh,Himari's stats probably changed as well with mine right?
/

*[Status Bar]*/
/

Name: *Himari Chiba*

LVL:4

EXP: 324/600

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion

HP: 146/146

Stamina: 136/136

Mana: 147/147

Strength: 133

Endurance: 136

Intelligence: 144

Dexterity: 130

Charisma: 129

Wisdom: 136

/Ha! Look at those! She's stronger than Marie or Keishi over here! Soon
I'll have her be stronger than even Hiromichi! I can almost see the look
on his face when that happens. /

He thought about this but realized it probably wouldn't matter since he
planned to turn him in for gold still. Anyhow he turned around to look
at everyone and once again all stood frozen.

They couldn't explain what had just happened and all they can think was
that it must be the work of the gods.

Himorichi who had already seen him do something similar was still lost
for words. He thought Kami was a sword master hero who had spent his
entire life as a kid training under the sword only to be blessed by a
god and gifted with amazing stats at birth. Even so seeing him cast two
spells that Keishi and Marie had done with small effect on the skeletons
in that level of strength made him question yet again who he was.

Keishi's initial moment of astonishment was replaced with jealousy. He
had not liked Kami from the beginning. He had casted some Binding spell
on them and he was incapable of breaking free. Keishi found this to be
absurd and refused to believe that this guy here who had probably never
trained as hard as he had his entire life in the arts of magic would be
stronger than him. Yet here he was witness to the giant gap of power
between them.

Marie on the other hand who knew of his strength and what he was, leaped
her heart in joy. All her life even as a kid she had prayed to the gods
for many things but they had never answered her. Her mom had died of
illness and as much as father cursed the gods at the time for not saving
her, she would always tell her that all prayer was always listened to
and if she were to die, it was for a purpose. Even so she believed in
them and their power without questioning it and here finally was proof
of it. Now more than ever she wished to get on her knees and worship
this God for what he is, a benevolent all powerful being who came to
their rescue in a time of need. Funny enough though her heart skipped a
beat almost flustered above all.

Asahi had never seen such work before. He was now thirty-eight and had
been on the business of adventurer since he was young. Across his
journey he had learned of many powerful people and beings who could wave
their hand and take down mountains and split seas but had never come
across them. Afterall many were considered legends of past and myths but
here was one standing among them. His face could not contain the awe and
for once he wasn't standing as the pinnacle of the team who had to keep
a straight face to maintain the order. He was on the side lines now
admiring this young man.

Himari was star stricken. As a young girl she had lived in the shores of
Besalade. She had wandered onto forbidden ground and since then she had
been cursed by an evil entity to remain the same age and mental state
until one day the Hero of Tyr would show up and break her curse. Since
then her parents always talked to her about heroes and their tales even
when they moved to Itsu Village. She decided that one day she would grow
up to be a hero as well. When she learned that Kami might be that man
she instantly decided that it was her destiny to be next to him at all
times and that no matter what she would learn and grow strong as him.
Seeing his power first hand though made her question if she would ever
be that strong.

"Can we all stop staring at me and say something." spoke Kami as they
all snapped out of their own thoughts.

"Merciful all powerf-Kami I mean that was amazing! Truly!" Marie said
beaming at him.

"I've never seen a hero at work, much less one who could do what you did
here. I apologize for not giving you the worthy praise words you deserve
young Kami" said Asahi.

Keishi spun around and walked away towards some nearby trees as though
unwilling to give him any gratitude.

"Seriously old man?! That's beyond hero stuff there, I've met heroes,
who the hell are you?!" demanded Hiromichi.

Himari hugged Kami lovingly almost.

"You're the best, Hero of Tyr"

They all remained quite before Hiromichi spoke up.

"Of course, that makes sense! You gotta be some mythical legend hero
it's so obvious!!!" yelled our Hiromichi as if the answer had been in
front of him all along.

Asahi on the other hand looked up at the stars before speaking up.

"So the Hero of Tyr is you. We are blessed to be in your presence great
one. I wondered why my daughter acted suspiciously back then when she
spoke to you in private, and why she has been so struck by your presence
since then but now I see"

Marie simply giggled knowing the truth and nodded her head.

"This little girl here also fought well above someone her age. This must
be an apprentice of yours then Hero of Tyr? Truly a name to live up to
little one, you made good in upholding that title today on his behalf"
Asahi said

Himari smiled and said.

"Yeah! I'm his/Loli In-Training/!"

Suddenly the air around them became awkward. Asahi stared with blank
expression at Kami while Marie had a nervous smile on her. Hiromichi
held back his laughter only briefly before letting it out loudly.

As stated before few words ever affected Kami. However, for a strange
reason right now he wished he could bury himself underground and
disappear so they wouldn't burn their stares into his mind.


Chapter 13 

chapter I feel the most disconnected
from that I've written but at the same time I didn't really think of a
better way to do it since I felt it was a puzzle piece that just had to
go in there. It does do a bit more explaining about some of the worlds
mechanics but I don't know.I could have just made it so everything is
hunky dory once they killed the Gearfried but that felt like an EASIER
way out than just having Kami snap his fingers and fix the day again.
Enjoy what is essentially Idle Chatter Part 2 but less to my liking.
Also not sure if this is fine to do every so often but I'll do it in a
few chapters where I think I got some stuff to say.
*/




It was bright in the morning as the adventures reached the edge of the
woods and found the road once more. They sighed in relief but there was
still something to take care of.

"What about the curse then? That giant monster landing on the gateway
seems to have broken whatever magic connection was holding us in there
but we still have this curse on us. Maybe had 'The Almighty Kami'
decided to make sure that the gateway wouldn't be crushed we could have
investigated further." Keishi looked at his stats as he spoke.

"Do not be so disrespectful Keishi, had he not been there to stop that
monster we would not even be able to escape the woods as we can now"
replied Asahi.

"Tsk, alright mighty hero! You wouldn't happen to have a solution to
this, now would you?!" Hiromichi questioned Kami with a demanding voice.

Kami thought about it for a second while everyone stared at him.

Sure, he could just break the curse but wouldn't it be even weirder at
this point to them if he could have just done that from the beginning?

He was also a bit disappointed that the Gearfried had landed on the
gateway and destroyed it since the solution to their problem could be
right on the other side.

Either way he had to find a way to this problem without making himself
suspicious.

Kami looked at Marie as she gave him a gentle smile and suddenly had an
idea.

"Marie, you can break curses correct?"

"Y-yes to a degree though! Nothing this advanced, t-this is too much
even for me"

"Would me *Stat Sharing* with you increase the power of your curse
breaking skill?" asked Kami

Everyone stood quiet for a small amount of time before Keishi yelled out
looking pretty flustered.

"R-ridiculous! You think she would become your permanent companion under
your rule?! Back off mate!"

"I would not keep her under my rule for long, just enough for her to
break this curse." Kami replied with a calm tone.

"Don't trust this guy Marie, Asahi! Everything is too suspicious here,
why would a random hero of legends show up in the woods and help us?!
How do we not know he's the one who casted this curse and wants to
remove Marie from our group to do with as he wishes!"

Asahi looked at Keishi for a second before turning his attention to Marie.

"Marie is old enough to make her decision. I trust her judgement as I
trust Young Kami here."

"I- what? Look guys I'm just going to give her enough strength to break
the curse and then I'll break the bond." Kami said looking at everyone
as if they were being unreasonable.

/Why is everyone making a big deal of it? I'm just going to stat share
with her for a bit and release her from my bind... thing. Something
tells me this is a bigger deal than I know. /

"Tsk! Figures, Hero of Idiots coming through! It's not that easy kid! I
did say you can break the bond between a companion and leader but it'll
damage the companion. A companion who has their bond broken with a
leader is labeled as a /Forsaken/. It's a double-edge sword system."
Himorichi spoke

"What is a/Forsaken/?" Kami asked.

"It's a penalty title. Many of those who turn to *Stat Sharing *are
because they are devoted to the leader or a way to keep certain
companions in check. It's a trust system and when that system is broken
between two people it's detected as if the companion has done something
wrong and is no longer worthy of being a companion. The companion will
permanently lose twenty percent of their stats forever as long as they
live. Breaking a bond like that has it's draw back you can't just use it
freely whenever you wish." spoke Asahi.

"And you let me do that to Himari?" Kami looked at Hiromichi.

"Tsk what am I your tour guide?! Not only are you the strongest
adventurer I have met but you are just as equally gullible about all the
rules around it. How could someone so stupid get so strong?!"

Himari nudged on Kami's shirt and smiled at him.

"It's ok Mister Kami. I won't let you down so you won't have to break
your bond with me."

/Ah, this sucks. I didn't think me using this would basically make me a
slave owner of sorts. Well guess it still doesn't matter to Himari
considering she's happy about this whole situation anyway. Guess I can't
ask the same of Marie though she's got her own group to go with and I'm
not looking for companions that are being forced into it either. /

"I-I'll do it. There's no point in arguing about me losing my stats or
becoming a companion when we could all die if I don't do this. I'll pay
the price the Gods need me to pay to save us. It is small compared to
cheating death." she replied looking at Kami.

Her eyes were full of determination as if she had made her decision as
soon as he had suggested it. There was no traces of doubt or fear for
herself as she raised her hand towards Kami.

"Listen now that I know this I feel it would be wrong. How about-"

"No, it's completely fine. If there is no other way I will gladly
sacrifice my stats for our lives!"

"Wait wait, don't jump the boat here it was an initial suggestion.
Besides I just figured something instead. Tell me the name of the spell
you use to break the curse so I can use it."

"This guy really is clueless, you can't just learn the name of a skill
by knowing the name yo-"

"I know I know I just, I have a special passive, it allows me to learn
skills just by learning the name or seeing the attack"

/Crap will they buy that lie? I really don't want Marie as a companion
now anyways. Come to think of it she'll just act like one of those
religious people when not around them so I'm actually saving myself the
trouble here as well. /

"That explains why you were able to use *Cleanse Undead* on those
skeletons and *Fire Strike* on the Giant back there. Truly the Hero of
Tyr is blessed for greatness"

"So, you basically copied our moves. Sounds more like a copycat than a
Hero to me. If you could do that from the beginning why not suggest that
instead of trying to enslave Marie?" Keishi said once again suspicious
of Kami.

"Look do you want the curse broken or not I'm awfully tired of this at
this point" Kami sighed heavily.

Marie was the only one that seemed panic when he said this and
immediately bowed.

"P-please forgive my friend almighty Go-Hero of Tyr! He is frequently
like this when meeting new people. I will gladly tell you the name of
the skill. It is *Purify Curse*."

Kami rolled his eyes before snapping his fingers. He really didn't care
for the name of the skill anyway just an excuse as to how he would
easily be able to break the curse without bringing suspicion about
himself from Asahi. At this point it might have been easier for him just
to break it anyway. Keishi already suspected him for some reason and
Marie knew he was a God so trying to avoid suspicion now seemed like a
moot thing to do.

Suddenly a dark mist around the adventures appeared and instantly
vanished signifying that the curse had been cleansed.

They looked at each other in awe and laughed a bit knowing that they
were free from their fate of dying. They looked at each other happily
before turning their attention to Kami and then a look of surprise on
their faces appeared.

"What is it, did it not work the way it was supposed to?"

He looked to the side only to also be taken aback. Himari had changed
somewhat drastically.

She wasn't the little girl anymore but a much taller and older version
of herself. Her brown hair that was up to her shoulder had grown and now
reached all the way to her waist. Her brown eyes became even lighter
color almost like the sand from a desert. She was still younger looking
than Kami and the others but she now had features that defined her more
as a girl than just a kid as she had before. However, the mist that had
been surrounding them was still on her but it was different at the same
time. It was more menacing and darker from what Kami could feel and
suddenly it returned back into Himari returning her back to her normal
kid looking self.

"What the hell was that?!" asked Hiromichi.

Himari felt herself and looked up at Kami as she rushed at him and
hugged him.

"You CAN break the curse on me! I knew you would be able to do it!"

"I- wait you're still the same. I think I only weakened the curse for a
bit. I thought old gramps was lying to me again I didn't honestly know
it was true about you being cursed."

"It looks like whatever evil has a hold of this girl is stronger than
what you are now Young Kami. If this is true, there is strong forces at
work here we might not know about." Asahi spoke as he inspected Himari.

/Stronger than me? Maybe so in my current state, but what could possibly
be stronger than me at this point. Maybe someone just way higher level
than me at this point. Well if it's true I'm sure in a few levels I'll
be able to free her from the curse completely. /

Kami looked up at the horizon before grinning.

This was exciting in a way for him. He had always been the top dog in
every scenario and always had his way but for the first time right now
without him knowing there was something out there or someone that was
strong enough to stop him. This was new to him but at the same time it
made him feel a sense of danger and rush.

He looked with satisfaction at the rest of them as he smiled and laughed.

