
"What's this?" a voice said as it raised its head towards the sky.

The voice of the being had felt something. Someone out there had
attempted to break one of his curses. He had felt a strong tug and just
like that it vanished. Someone out there had purified the curses from
some people and even more so they were trying to break a much stronger
curse he had placed on someone. He couldn't exactly pin point who or
what it was or to who it was being done to but he knew where it was
happening.

"Something you want to share with the rest of us?" spoke yet another
voice mildly frustrated.

"I apologize. It would seem someone out there, in the mortal realm, was
attempting to break a curse of mine. It felt like a strong presence.
They succeeded on breaking some weaker curses I had placed on Tyr but
failed on another at the same time." replied the first voice.

"Oh? Could it be one of the many Heroes the Goddess Iatra and her
lackeys recruit to stop us?" replied the second voice in a chuckle.

"About that my lord, this was just a testing ground for a curse area. It
seems they are moving in on our plan." spoke the first voice.

"Master does not tolerate failure Hexalus." a third womanly voice spoke
from the shadows.

"Like I said, it was just a testing ground. It was near some small
insignificant village. Prior to this we had only had two other subjects
that turned into Perfect Zombies thanks to my curse. It would appear
this form of cursing is not most beneficial as it is too slow and allows
time for them to break free." continued Hexalus ignoring her comment.

"Enough, I simply want results. If this is the work of a Hero I want
them crushed and eliminated. This is more than just about those mortals,
this is about claiming our right to the thrones of Celestia."

Hexalus and the other shadowed figures bowed. Besides him there was nine
others like him and of course their master who stood above them, God of
Calamity, Yotsune.

Just years ago, Hexalus had been a powerful Deity who claimed land on
the shores of Besalade a small area west of Tyr but then Yotsune showed
up. He knew of Yotsune and his never-ending war with the Goddess Iatra
but he had never thought he would show up in front of him. He had easily
been defeated at the time when Yotsune asked him to submit and he
refused. As it turns out he was not the first God being that Yotsune had
claimed under his rule.

Besides him now stood nine others whose power were those of a God.
Apparently, this was his response to the centuries of Goddess Iatra
defeating him with the help of her own personal set of Gods. God of
Calamity now had his own army of Gods.

However, the land of Tyr was filled with the strength of Goddess Iatra
and through this, she brought peace to the people who lived in this land
as well as providing her with more power.

Now the God of Calamity sent these Gods to plague the land of Tyr so
that she may be weakened and he could finish her off and claim Celestia,
the true throne of the one God above all.

"Hexalus, I expect next time you report to me that this hero person will
not be any further trouble, do you understand?" spoke Yotsune.

"Yes, master. I will make sure this person is taken care of as I
continue to plague the land with my curses."

With that the rest of the shadows disappeared along with Yotsune. They
had been communicating with magic and now that they had finished their
meeting Hexalus frowned.

His life sucked now that he had been drafted into this war. Before he
would just lay around the mountains and rest cursing anyone who dared
approached his forbidden grounds. Now it was do this, do that.He opened
his stat menu to take a look at his stats and compare what would
potentially be the person he would have to take care of his capable of.



*[Status Bar]*

Name: God of Curses Hexalus (Legendary)

Level: 40

EXP: 28975/64000

Title: Foot-Stool

Class: God

HP: 10950/10950

Stamina: 10756/10756

Mana: 12209/12209

Strength: 10983

Endurance: 11781

Intelligence: 12156

Dexterity: 10723

Charisma: 10849

Wisdom: 9970



He frowned at his Title. It changed back then when Yotsune had defeated
him in battle and had made him the lowest ranking member of his little
army. He shook his head and pushed the negative thoughts from his head out.

Someone out there as strong enough to break his *[Fruit's Kiss]* skill
and he was not happy about that. It was a weak curse that took a long
time to take effect but the results were usually amazing. It would take
a high-level human with some sort of God blessing to even come close to
breaking it. Luckily for him he had some of God of Calamity's minions at
his disposal.

He could not directly attack the hero or he would instantly bring the
wrath of Goddess Iatra on them and Yotsune would surely be angry that
Hexalus had ruined his plans but he could always attack the heroes with
monsters and such.

"Well Hero if you are near that village I assume your next destination
will be the City of Alzel. Perfect, Yotsune had instructed me to curse
that city sooner or later so it works out."

With that in mind he lifted his arms and a whole map of the land of Tyr
appeared in front of him completely made of magical energy.

He looked around the map seeing where he could launch his attack before
pointing at the City of Alzel.

"Let's see how you handle a *High Dragon* attack and a little surprise
on the side"

The God of Curses continued his plotting as he spoke to himself in the
total silence of his own lair.

