
"You're a real prick and an idiot. She's all cursed and shit and you're
all over here smiling at the wind!" yelled out Hiromichi.

"Hey, one of two curses is not bad. Besides, give me a bit of time and
I'll assure you I'll break this curse of hers with a snap of my fingers.
I'm just excited about finally getting to the city." replied Kami as he
walked with an energetic pace.

The rest of the group followed closely behind him feeling completely
exhausted. They had been walking all day now reaching deep into the
night time. It would have been an easier task had they not spend last
night doing the same thing when they had fought the skeletons and that
monster.

Himari and Marie however were more than content to keep up with him.
While Himari was thrilled to be next to his personal Hero, Kami, Marie
being the devoted girl she was felt that this God knew what he was doing
and she would follow him to the end of the world if he so wished it.
However, she did have a few things in her mind she wanted to ask

Marie quickly walked up to Kami before lowering her voice and whispering
so the others would not be able to hear her.

"If I may ask, I never did get an answer as to what God you were and in
addition, don't you have to go back to the land of the Gods? I'm more
than happy to follow a benevolent one like yourself but I thought the
Gods of Celestia answered to Goddess Iatra, so is what you're doing ok
with her?"

Kami tilted his head as she bombarded him with questions. He didn't
really have an answer for her so he decided to be as honest about it as
he could.

"I'm not like those Gods. I work outside Goddess Iatra's rule if you can
say so. I'm here for a reason and I'm sticking around until I'm done."
he replied to her in an equally low tone.

She seemed genuinely surprised before continuing her questioning.

"A God that works outside her rule? The only ones I know that do that
are evil Gods or Gods with no alliance. Are you one of those then?"

"Ah-yes, no. It's complicated alright" Kami replied raising his fingers
but stopping before doing anything.

/I was going to put her to sleep out of instinct. My integration into
this world is definitely not going as smooth as I thought it would go. /

Marie frowned a bit but did not stop.

"You were there to help us on behalf of Goddess Iatra, right?"

Before he could answer Keishi broke between them and looked angrily at
Kami.

"What are you guys secretly whispering about here? Seems real important,
anything you want to share mate?"

"Kami's an idiot but he knows how to swoon the ladies. I can respect him
for that at least." said Hiromichi in what sounded like the most
reasonable tone and response he has ever said something in.

Marie flushed as she retreated to the back and Keishi's expression
became twisted as he continued to look at Kami.

"Listen mate, Marie here is a special friend of mines so if your
planning something suspicious you better watch yourself or I'll be
taking care of you in a whole different way."

Kami rolled his eyes as he continued to look forward. Asahi chuckled in
the back and Himari grasped onto Kami's arm. He looked down on her and
she had an angry expression as well.

She seemed almost irritated at the fact that Marie and he had been
talking and were now being paired by Hiromichi.

/Oh no... oh dear Jesus Christ no. Am I setting myself up for what I
think I'm setting myself up for? I've watched enough anime to know where
this crap-hole is going. Soon as I get to the city I have to ditched
this crowd. I am NOT partaking on a Harem! I just want to be an
overpowered Hero in this world. Worst case scenario we ditch this
universe, go back to heaven, set up an ENTIRE universe where the concept
of romance doesn't exist along with some new RPG rules and bam, new play
through. /

He contemplated this as everyone continued to talk amongst each other.
The more he thought about it the sillier he thought it would be.

/I guess its natural right? Even back at the village simply saving those
people from the goblins made those girls all curious about me. It's part
of the experience I suppose, don't get this mixture of RPG very often in
games. Mostly stuff like oriental games having a mixture of a social
system and dungeon crawler do this. Well I do enjoy these as well so I
can look at this universe through one of those perspectives. /

"What's wrong Himari? You seem a bit angry." he asked making his mind up.

She shook her head and remained silent.

Kami decided whatever was bothering her she would eventually let him know.

"Young Kami, although I am impressed by your vigor I do believe we must
rest. If we do so we will find ourselves on the doorsteps of Alzel by
tomorrow mid day." Asahi suggested.

Kami realized that they needed to rest and immediately nodded. Selfishly
he wanted to reach the city as fast as he could without realizing that
the others did not have his strength to continuously walk without sleep.

Himorichi yawned loudly as he scratched the back of his head.

"We don't have any supplies here cause 'Hero' over here didn't plan
ahead. Guess we're sleeping on the floor like animals, how stupid!" he
said as he sat on the ground on the side of the road.

"We have enough supplies for everyone." spoke Marie as she looked at Keishi

He groaned before lifting his hand towards a hole that appeared out of
thin air. Keishi pulled a large bag that contained supplies for Kami and
the others to use and tossed it over to them with force.

Kami caught it without noticing and placed it down on the ground.

"Alright Himari grab some sheets and get yourself comfortable I'm not
feeling tired so I'm going to keep a look out for any monsters"

"Ha! My hero!" Hiromichi mocked as he laid bare back on the ground and
instantly started snoring.

"Hmmm, he's sure taking it easy considering we're so close to the city.
Once we're there he's going to be locked up for quite some time" Asahi
mentioned as he sat next to a small fire Keishi had set up with his skills.

"Not to mention he just complained about sleeping on the floor with no
supplies and he still just went to sleep. What was the reason why he was
worth so much. What did he do? Kill a bunch of people or what?" Kami
asked curiously looking at the snoring Hiromichi.

"Do you not know Young Kami? He's a criminal who goes around trying to
take gold from cities nearby. Usually he will kidnap villages worth of
people and ask for ransom from the cities nearby. Hmph, it's funny, the
cities hardly ever gave into his demands, it's probably the silliest way
to make money. For some reason he always does this though, for someone
who consistently insults your intelligence he's not so bright himself.
Although his crime hardly payed out it's a heavy crime nonetheless."

/So, he's just a common criminal but in a larger scale? /

"What's with the name, Wild Beast Tamer of the North then?"

"Oh, that. He once was renowned knight for the Kingdom of Jevir up
North. He made a name for himself as a prodigy monster tamer who used
his gift to keep enemies at bay. However, the Kingdom fell and the
circumstances were unknown even to this day. If anyone knows what
happens he would. After that he took up the life of a criminal more than
likely." replied Asahi staring into the fire.

Himari and the rest got close up to the fire and warmed themselves up as
Kami remained in deep thought.

/That sounds wrong. How could a knight that devoted himself to his
kingdom suddenly decided to turn a new leaf like that? There's probably
more to it than he or I know. /

Everyone gradually began feeling more and more tired and retreated into
their sleeping gear.

Kami was the only one who remained awake as he looked up at the sky.

/Ah I wonder how things are going in heaven? Maybe I should drop by
every so often and make sure everything is running smoothly. Think Sayu
is probably having a panic attack even now. She did have a point though,
none of them possess enough power to maintain creation at balance
forever but they should be able to hold the rope for a while longer.
Worse comes to worse I'll fix everything right back up. /

As he continued to ponder he noticed a figure in the sky. It was big and
was heading towards the direction of the city. He didn't really know
what it was but if he was a guessing man he would think it looked like a
dragon.

Without much thought he shrugged and sat next to the sleeping Himari.

Whatever it was, it would probably just pass over the city, right?

