
"Ugh, that was some night at the bar" spoke a feminine voice.

The city of Alzel was buzzing with people. Merchants had set up their
shop and many customers walked through the streets looking for goods to
buy or trade. One in particular found herself walking through the
streets with a major hangover.

She was lean and tall. She had short spiked down hair that was dirty
blonde and wore a cap that gave her cat looking ears. Her eyes were dark
amber and were slanted like a cat. She had a small tunic that only
covered past her chest and kept her stomach revealed. On top of that she
had a leather strap around her shoulder and down her waist. She wore
tight leather greaves on top of lose leather pants and on her waist, had
a belt that contained multiple pockets with items she would use while
adventuring. She also wore gloves that had a refined look to them as
though they were of higher quality than the rest of her gear.

She yawned as she bumped into a couple of people without minding them
much. Her head was pulsating from all the alcohol. It didn't help that
she had woken up early in the morning after spending all night drinking
her sorrows away. The bartender had told her to go home finally after he
found her in the back room of the bar with drinks all over her.

"Guess I should report to the Adventurer's Guild and let them know my
party is dead." she sighed heavily.

She wasn't feeling sad for the loss of her team members exactly. They
were a random bunch of starter adventurers who had taken a quest. She
simply chose to join them since they were going to investigate a dungeon
near the area. Dungeons usually contained loot and when it came to loot
she was all ears and game. They had managed to get themselves killed by
some of the monsters and she luckily had escaped.

A small "ku" sound came from her voice as she thought of "luck". No one
else around these parts probably had as much luck as she did. Although
yesterday didn't end like she wanted it to it was definitely luckier
than dying like them.

"Ms. Thief! Ms. Thief!" yelled a voice behind her.

She turned her head around in an annoyed motion as the man behind her
froze when he saw her face. It was just an average looking guy with
adventurer gear so she assumed he came from the Adventure's Guild.

"I was heading to the Guild no need to hunt me down" Thief said breaking
the man's stare.

"I-I'm sorry Ms. Thief but the authorities wish to ask about the dead
adventure's found last night outside the dungeon." the man said as his
voice broke.

/'So, they already know about my party being dead? Ku!' /

"What's to know? They died to some *Giant Spiders* and I managed to
escape and get myself to a bar to drink my sorrow away, kuku, tragic."
she said in fake upsetting voice.

"Either way you have to fill a report. We need to know exactly where in
the dungeon it happened so we can warn others about it and keep-w-wait
Ms. Thief!" he yelled out in a panic.

Thief had instantly disappeared with her skill *[Stealth]* and jumped
onto the nearest roof she could.

She didn't have the time or patience to deal with them and now she felt
less like showing up at the Guild. They would probably just tell her to
head on over to the authorities as well or sit her down and question her
for information.

Thief sighed as she walked along the roof of the buildings. All she
wanted was to make it big in this city. If that could happen there would
be no need for her to ever deal with the Adventurers Guild. Maybe she
could finally settle down afterwards buy a big house meet a rich noble,
take all his money. Rinse and repeat.

She grinned mischievously at this idea. Gold and booze is all that
matters in this world and she made sure there was never any of those two
missing. Her good looks were an easy way to achieve this as well. When
she didn't find herself looking for gold and fancy treasures in this big
world she spent her time seducing man into giving her gold or buying her
stuff.

On the bright side she had managed to steal a bit of her party's stats
before they died of. They wouldn't need them anyway now that they were
dead. She opened her stat menu to admire her new stats.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Thief (Omitted)*

LVL: 17

EXP: 9871/11000

Title:/Luck's Apprentice /

Class: Assassin

HP: 162/162

Stamina: 111/165

Mana: 91/101

Strength: 152

Endurance: 99

Intelligence: 82

Dexterity: 298

Charisma: 234

Wisdom: 102

*Luck: 8*

She smiled at her fresh stats. Thief had used her skill *[Stat Swipe]*
to take a few points from them before they died. Three points on her
Dexterity were added. Although the stat she would steal from was random
and the points it would steal were a small one to three points she got
stats she found useful increased, her Dexterity.

If she could use this skill more often she would. Unfortunately, it
could only be used on someone once before she would have to wait a whole
ten days before using on the same person again so stealing from the same
person over and over again in repetitive uses became somewhat of a
hassle. She also couldn't go around using the skill over and over since
the stamina cost of this ability was so high she would only be able to
use it once before running out of steam plus it slowed her stamina
regeneration heavily. She was still not fully recovered on Stamina from
using it last night.

Now her*Luck* stat was a rarity above all her other stats. From what she
could tell it measured from one to ten always and it could change
depending on a situation or random factor. Normally a person never has a
*Luck* stat which places them at zero. It basically means that they have
neutral luck, neither here nor there. Thief however had one, meaning she
was always luckier than the average person, meaning good things happened
to her more often than others.

Her luck would never reach zero as it had a minimal of one point on it
at all times so no matter what happened things were always a little
brighter for her than others. This gave her an easier life where she
would generally find herself in good situations.

"It's eight today so I guess things are looking incredibly well for me
today"

With that she jumped down the roof into an alley where she found a small
bag of what looked like gold just lying on the floor as if waiting for
her to arrive. She grinned once again and took the small bag and placed
it in one of her pockets.

"Easy, don't want to waste all my luck this fast, ku"

Today would be a great day. She would go and find herself some new
adventurers to travel with where she would find some more hidden goods
to claim as her own.

Thief casually checked the main streets from within the alley to check
if the coast was clear before walking out and deciding to head towards
another one of her usual hang out locations.

Going to the Adventurers Guild would have to wait she needed to turn
this bag of cash into a large winning with some gambling.

She began thinking of all the booze she would buy once she made a
killing turning this money into a larger winning when a large shadow
covered the street around her. She heard some screaming as she looked
around in a panic before glancing at the sky.

What she saw made her sweat a bit as she froze in place. It was a large
dragon flying above them. It reared its head downward as it launched a
barrage of fireballs towards the street she was in.

In a panic she lifted her arms and covered her face as she heard the
fire hit the people around her as people began to panic and scream
around her.

Luckily, she had been spared the damage but by the looks of it, others
and many of the businesses around her had been destroyed or killed.

This was all too sudden for her and nothing in her head prepared her for
this.

Why was there just randomly a dragon attacking the city and where had it
come from? Had the guards on the walls not warned anybody and if not,why?

They would have heard a warning of sorts had they seen the dragon
coming, unless the dragon had taken care of them before they managed to.

Without further thinking she decided to run towards the Adventure's
Guild. If there was a place that would be safer it would be there. She
figured the city guards would step in and try to defeat the dragons and
more than likely more than one or two adventures would be involved in
taking this thing down.

"W-what the hell is a dragon doing attacking the city though they're not
even native around these parts!" she yelled out.

Her demeanor had changed and now she was frantically trying to make her
way past the other people who were running in a panic.

The dragon disappeared from sight but could be heard attacking other
parts of the city.

Despite her appearance right now, Thief was not being fearful of the
beast. She was almost enthralled by the idea that now there was a dragon
attacking the city. The Adventure's Guild would more than likely hand
over a quest to slay the dragon and the reward would be more than a bit
of pocket change. She would accept the quest and simply share in the
riches that the adventures would win once they slay the dragon. Even
more, she could take parts from the dragon and sell them on the market
for a large gain.

Her blood began rushing with excitement from thinking of all the money
that this would bring her.

That right there was a flying gold mine and she was going to mine the
shit out of it.

