
"They handed them out so quick, ku!" Thief yelled out as she ran through
the rooftops. 

She could see the dragon flying in the distance around the city
attacking people down below. 

Thief  had practically died getting to the Guild as fast as she could to
pick  up the immediate quest to slay the dragon and she was hoping to
group up  with some Randoms  but as it turns out everyone else had beat
her to the punchline. She  arrived dead last so by the time she accepted
the request every other  adventurer had already gone out to try and slay
the dragon in groups.

"So much for Luck! Without a group to help me, I'm going to have to be
extra careful when I'm approaching that thing."

As she said this she decided to activate her *[Stealth]* skill. Its use
was great; she had leveled up *[Stealth]* a lot over her time knowing
this ability, and now its time had extended by a bit and even its cost
had gone down.

Thief  would first check out the Dragon's stats before going in and
messing  with it. She would leave a lot of the combat on the adventures
as she  would be making more decisive strikes.

She pulled out two large daggers from her holsters on both sides of her
waist. Now that she was on stealth, her passive *[Didn't See That
Coming]* would allow her next attack or skill to crit and would do 50%
more damage at the level it was at right now when she came out of stealth.

As  she got closer she noticed a lot of adventures down by the plaza
where  the dragon was now attacking throwing attacks at the dragon.

"*Lightning Javelin*!"

"*Webbings*!" 

"*Mental Strike*!"

She  noticed a lot of them were split up in groups attacking the dragon
but  they followed the same format as the others. They kept their range
users  of skills or weapons in the back along with a healer and their
melee  range at the front with their tanks. They looked a bit frantic in
the way they were throwing their attacks but Thief paid it little mind.

"Well guess I wouldn't be much use until the dragon is shot down. In
that case I'll use*Data*"

*[Status Menu] *

Name: *Dragon*  

LVL: 45

EXP: 40931/42000

Title: /Beast /

Class: High-Dragon

HP: 1980/1980

Stamina: 1876/1876

Mana: 1653/1798

Strength:1901

Endurance: 2030

Intelligence: 1879

Dexterity:1854

Charisma: 1542

Wisdom: 1621

She  froze in place as she lowered her daggers a bit when she saw the
stats.  It was so unexpected for it to have been so strong. At first,
she thought it would be a low-level  dragon and that the combined force
of the adventures guild and guards  would be enough to take it down. Now
seeing it be so strong she almost  gave up hope.

In all her life as an adventurer she had never seen such a high-level
creature near human civilization. This was not just a *<Dragon>*, it was
a *<High Dragon>*, the next tier above the dragon chains. These dragons
had advanced past the normal level a monster would reach. They had
reached a Class which increased their stats even further making them
more powerful. 

From what she learned even if a monster gained a Class it would be
within their own race rank and even then,  it would slightly boost their
stat gain from there, unlike a human  picking on a Class. The problem
was that monsters could gain EXP faster  than humans but even so such a
strong level monster had not been seen in  years in human civilization.

Reaching that level required countless killing of monsters and even
then, only the most dedicated of adventures ever get a glimpse of such a
level in their  advance age. It is only through blessings and birth
rights that humans  are capable of reaching mythical level of strengths.
One could only  imagine what a monster would have to do to reach that
level of strength.

In short, the appearance of such a monster has not been seen in hundreds
of years.

"Crap,  this is wrong so wrong! I didn't think we would be facing such a
strong  opponent now I see why everyone is so frantically shooting
everything  they have at it"

She noticed everyone's  face of despair as they threw countless attacks
at the monster with no  effect what so ever. Anything that hit it would
do no damage to it as it  continued to circle them paying them no mind.

Thief figured that many other adventures down there had noticed how
strong it was with their own *Data* skill and had relayed the
information at this point.

As she continued to ponder her next move while remaining in stealth the 
dragon let out a roar and shot up into the air. It was quite fast for 
its size and soon reached so far into the sky it was just a spec in the 
distance.

Suddenly it nosedived into the ground.

Thief  face became shocked as she knew what was happening. She
immediately began  running away from the plaza before the dragon landed.
If she was  correct about what was going to happen that dragon was about
to use all  his force from falling to destroy everything in the area and
she was not  going to be a part of that.

Other  adventures took notice as they started running away while a few 
accepted their fate and simply stared at the incoming attack.

It  was almost too quick to even see it happening. The dragon hit the
floor  with all it's might and the force send a wave of destruction
that  destroyed and killed anyone on its way.

Thief  kept frantically running from roof to roof trying to get out of
the  area of effect but it was catching up quickly. In an instant she
was  blown forward and hit face front the wall of a building crashing
through  the walls and landing badly injured on the ground.

She coughed desperately as the area was covered in smoke. Her body felt
heavy and she was losing conscious. Luckily,  she had avoided death but
she was sure it was not so far behind. She  rolled on the floor moaning
in pain hoping the dragon would just go away  at this point.

"I didn't think it would be like this honestly, ku... if I could have
one last drink before that dragon killed us all I would die a happy girl"

Her  voice was weak as people around her ran away from the explosion.
She  could make their figures in the smoke but couldn't exactly tell who
they  were. Thief tried calling out to them but it was no use.

"Screw it...no time to play greedy"

She  slowly reached into one of her straps around her waist and pulled
out a  small red flask. It was a healing potion and now was a good a
time to  use it. These things were expensive in the market considering
they  basically allow you to cheat death when you're  on death's
doorstep. Thief opened it slowly and chugged down the red  drink. The
effects were immediate as her wounds closed and her body  became light
ones again.

She sat up still feeling dazed from being thrown against a wall like that.

"That stupid flying monstrosity. Agh, if I could give it a good smack
right about now, ku!"

Thief heard the flapping of the dragon's  wings once again. It would
seem it had cleared the plaza along with a  certain area of threat
around itself and was looking to attack elsewhere. She  figured that no
matter where she ran at this point the dragon would  just move on
somewhere else and attack the city. Was there anywhere she  could go to
outrun this monster?

"My stealth won't do any good when it's just attacking everything in
general. Maybe if I can-"

She thought about it for a second and decided it was worth a shot. 
Thief stood up and jumped onto the roof of a nearby building that had 
survived the dragon's attack. She saw it up in the air once more flying 
around the city throwing fire down at the streets.

She  lifted her daggers that she had managed to hold on to before being 
blown away. The daggers began glowing, one let out a light glow and the 
other had a dark aura.

In her time as an adventurer she had collected many rarities. Golds,
treasures, even these little bad boys. In this world there were things
known as *Arms*. They are weapons that were created through the essence
of Tyr itself that gave its wielder unimaginable power. The *Arm**s
*depended on what it was and they had many uses. Either case some
believe*Arms*  are powerful enough to stand up to the Gods in the right
hands. In  Thief's hands, they were worth so much she had not found a
proper seller, yet.

It  just happens that she found these in one of her travels. At the time
she thought they were simple enchanted weaponry but when she learned of 
their power they became her primary weapons. This particular set of 
weapons were dubbed by her as "*Rain of Gold and Riches*".  Flat out
these weapons would not give her any extra stats or special  effects or
anything. However, they had a toggle ability she was not particularly
fond of using since it would physically destroy her body in usage. It
would grant her 100% crit chance and 250% crit damage increase as well
as doubling  her own stats as long as she kept it up. Her attacks would
also become  of the Holy and Chaos element the power of the Gods
essentially. Unlike  leveling up or buffing skills where your body gets
accustomed to the increase in power this forcefully added power into the
body momentarily exceeding your strength. Keeping it up for even longer
than 3 seconds left Thief near her death bed.

She took 3 small flasks from her pockets.

"I hate doing this, ku"

The  first flask was a drink that would neutralize all her pain for the
next  10 minutes. She was not thinking of using it for nearly that long 
considering she would not even last past the first 5 seconds but she
was  not going to go through that hell of a pain again.

The  second flask was more of a focuser. It increased her focus and 
sharpened her attacks, essentially buffing her Dexterity stat.

The third flask was what she dubbed "Break a Leg". This little drink of
hers worked as a focuser as well but it was just a bit different. It
worked on her Luck stat, a very specific and rare use of a drink she
made herself since it would only work on her. She noticed more than a
good portion of the time when her Luck was higher her attacks would do
more damage randomly and soon linked it to the idea that more Luck
equals more damage more frequently. With these she could surpass the
*Luck* *10* limit even something her "*Rain of Gold and Riches*" 
weapons did not do. It would also make her the luckiest person alive 
for the next 24 hours. Then came what she called the downfall. After 
that for the next 3 days her Luck stat would actually lower itself to a 
negative, something she never knew was possible before making this 
little beverage up.

She drank the 3 flasks instantly and used her*[Stealth]*.

"*Ability Boost*, *Enhance Weaponry*, *Wind Stride*"

Thief further buffed herself and her weapons to make sure she would be
capable of doing as much damage as she could to this thing. She was
going to have a small window of 3 seconds to do the most she could to it
and she had to make sure it would be worth every second. She lifted her
daggers and stared at the Dragon.

"*Shunpo*"

She instantly appeared on top of the dragon in the sky as she began
falling towards it. Thief toggled her weapons ability and was instantly
covered in dark and light energy.

"*Twin Fangs*!"

She lunged both her daggers into the dragons back as it let out a roar.

Almost instantly she felt a sharp pain across her entire body as her and
the dragon both began falling down into the ground.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


*/_For those curious about her stats at the point in which she used all
the buffs and her weapon ability. _/*

*[Status Menu]*

Name: *Thief (Omitted) *

LVL: 17

EXP: 9871/11000

Title: /Luck's Apprentice /

Class: Assassin/Ascended

HP: 300/324

Stamina: 122/330

Mana: 182/202

Strength: 344

Endurance: 238

Intelligence: 204

Dexterity:876

Charisma: 508

Wisdom: 244

*Luck: 17*

