
Thief landed on the dragon as it hit the floor and rolled down it's
scaly body. She hit the floor with a hard thud but that wasn't what was
caused her pain at this point. She rolled around in unbelievable pain
from having used the toggle ability on her weapon. She let out a yell as
she grasped onto her chest feeling like she was suffocating and dying at
the same time.

"T-that stupid...flask did nothing!"

The dragon laid still on the ground as Thief continued to roll around on
the floor, her body aching as if on fire.

"W-what was that, is it dead?" spoke an adventurer.

A group mixture of guards and adventurer's ran up to the scene where
they saw Thief rolling around in the floor in pain and the dragon's body
laying seemingly dead as well.

"Someone quick help her out, she's in pain cast healing magic!" yelled
out one of the guards.

A small stature girl ran up to Thief as a pair of adventure's attempted
to calm Thief down. She raised her hands and staff at her and spoke in a
high-pitched voice.

"*Alleviate*"

Thief instantly felt a wave of freshness but it was only for a split
second before the wave of pain came crashing down on her again. The
skill helped a bit but it was small in comparison to the pain.

"It's not working." said the small girl with a low voice.

"J-Just give me...a second! Th-this hurts like hell!" Thief yelled as
she grabbed onto the collar of one of the adventures that was attempting
to move her away from the dragon. "Please tell me you got some alcohol
on you!"

The two adventure's helping her up looked at each other in confusion as
they dragged her away from the dragon.

"Someone with *Data* tell me this thing is dead!!" yelled out one of the
guards into the crowd of adventures that were staring at the commotion.

Another adventurer stepped up and stared at the dragon before
frantically panicking.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: Dragon

LVL: 45

EXP: 40931/42000

Title: /Beast /

Class: High-Dragon

HP: 1645/1980

Stamina: 1376/1876

Mana: 1653/1798

Strength:1901

Endurance: 2030

Intelligence: 1879

Dexterity:1854

Charisma: 1542

Wisdom: 1621

"It's nowhere near dead it's still well alive! It must just be
unconscious!"

"H-huh?" Thief raised her head as the pain continued to throb in
throughout her body.

"D-dam it, quick maybe if we hit it while it's down like this m-maybe we
can kill it" suggested another adventurer.

"Don't be stupid. Even if we all attack this thing we wouldn't lay a
single scratch on it. We might even wake it up, just evacuate the city
while it's down before it kills anymore." spoke up another one.

"It was that girl who dealt that damage to it right?! Maybe she can do
it again!" spoke a desperate sounding man.

They all turned to stare at her and saw she was in no condition to do
whatever she had done to it again.

Thief closed her eyes as she attempted to hold back her yells. She
decided to check her stats to see the bad news.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Thief (Omitted) *

LVL: 17

EXP: 9871/11000

Title: /Luck's Apprentice/

Class: Assassin

HP: 25/162

Stamina: 10/165

Mana: 9/101

Strength: 0

Endurance: 0

Intelligence: 0

Dexterity: 0

Charisma:0

Wisdom: 0

*Luck: 17 *

As she had expected. In addition to causing her great physical pain once
she used her *Arms*, her stats would drop to zero for a while in
addition to losing a large part of her resources and health. It was a
risky play she did not like using but thought it would be enough to
finish it off. Clearly, she was wrong as the dragon laid unconscious and
not dead.

"W-what do we do then?"

One of the guards moved up and lifted his arms as if to try and calm the
crowd before they started panicking.

"We can't evacuate. There is some strong barrier that is casted around
the city that is preventing people from leaving. Anyone who tried to
leave will be cursed and will die instantly."

Many spoke among themselves before the guard continued.

"It would appear someone powerful has sent this dragon to attack us and
we are now at their mercy. The best we can do is find a way to defeat
this monster. This girl who managed to damage the beast, find every
possible way to heal and bring her back to speed"

Thief was not very happy hearing this. It seems they were planning to
have her use her *Arms* again and that was just not something that would
be possible.

"N-nothing you do will be able to heal me. T-that was an *Arms* I just
used nobody is strong enough to counteract that."

The adventures spoke and awed among themselves almost forgetting about
the giant unconscious dragon lying next to them.

"There's an adventurer with such a weapon? No wonder she was able to
damage the beast." whispered one among the crowd.

"She must be a Hero. Can't believe we never heard of her"

The crowd murmured some more as Thief's pain continued.

She found it annoying that that's what they thought of her. Thief was no
Hero, everyone instantly jumps to conclusions when they see someone
doing an amazing feat. All she was is a person trying to survive and
save herself from a dragon's attack which meant killing it first before
it got to her.

"So, what do we do about this situation. I don't think we have much time
until it's up and rampaging around again."

"Should we focus our attention instead on breaking the barrier down?"

A lot of them agreed to this idea as it seemed a lot more possible to
achieve than killing the dragon.

"It's risky though don't you think? Whoever is doing this clearly is
strong enough to send a monster of such strength to attack us, who's to
say the barrier is any less powerful?

"Fine, what do you suggest?! Staying here and accepting our deaths?!"

Thief had enough. She closed her eyes and zoned out their conversation.
All her life had always been about her greed and for the first time ever
she was facing a situation her luck would not get her out off. She felt
overwhelming fear for her life. She truly did not wish to die and for
the first-time gold wasn't the first thing she was thinking about.

She wished everything would just return to her everyday life of looking
for precious objects and making money. Gambling at her favorite bars and
drinking until morning.

"I'm sorry but this is the City of Alzel right?" spoke a new voice she
had not yet heard.

Thief opened her eyes and saw a young man with blue aqua eyes and
red-brown hair. His clothing was strange, nothing like any adventurer
she had seen before. He wore a white shirt that looked strange for
anything she had seen around this area and his pants were blue. The
design of his "boots" she would call it was also strange. It's almost
like this guy was from an entire different world.

Many stared at the young man who talked up in a strange fashion. Some
even gave him a frustrated look.

"Hmmm, not much for talking are we. Well you see my friends and I were
heading to the City of Alzel and there's this nasty barrier outside they
couldn't get past. I decided to check it out and see what was going on.
They swore this was the City of Alzel but I have to say a lot of it is
in ruins, looks more like a fallen kingdom from my perspective.

"Who the hell are you?! W-wait did you say you walked through the
barrier?" spoke a tall well build man holding a giant sword.

"Right, sorry, the name's Kami. Oh? Is that a dragon?" spoke Kami as he
observed the dragon curiously.

Thief stared at the guy closely before letting out a yelp. Her pain was
only worsening at this point and she was trying with all her might to
resist.

Kami looked at Thief when she made a noise for a second before whistling.

"Wow what did you do to your stats, and I thought my Charisma was bad."

"Look who cares who you are we're dealing with an issue here we have to
escape before the Dragon wakes up, if you know how to get past the
barrier tell us how!"

Kami looked at the dragon once more as if he was trying to put
everything together. His face suddenly showed that he realized what was
happening this entire time.

Thief immediately assumed this guy was not all that bright in the head.

"Ah, I see. Well if you need to get rid of this dragon then."

Kami raised his hand as a sword appeared on his hand. The sword began
glowing with what Thief could only describe as Holy Light as it lit the
entire area around them.

Many of the people around him began covering their eyes from the
blinding light and some even turned their faces away.

"W-What the hell is that?!"

Suddenly there was a thundering in the clouds as a beam of light from
the sky itself headed directly towards Kami breaking the barrier on its
way down and engulfing him in light as he swung his sword down at the
dragon.

"*Heavenly Strike*"

The dragon was instantly covered by a blinding light that caused a giant
explosion. The light didn't stop there and continued to destroy
everything in its path as many of the people around the area were blown
back by the force.

Thief herself sat there as the force blew threw her face awestruck at
the spectacle.

Everyone coughed once the explosion was over as the air around them
began to clear.

"T-that's no normal skill...."

"This is insane, was that divine punishment?"

The smoke around them cleared soon enough revealing a large cleared
field as far as they could see. There was no sign of the dragon anywhere
or many of the buildings as far as they could see. It was as if
everything had been completely banished.

"Hmmm... a bit overkilled probably" spoke Kami calmly

Everyone simple stared shocked at the man who had with one swing of a
sword caused so much devastation; enough to destroy a dragon of that
strength in one hit.

