
*[EXP +4200] *

*[Congratulations you are now LVL 10] *

Just enough to get to Level 10? I killed a level 45 dragon and this is
as far as it takes me? I can only imagine what the higher levels will
take for me to reach. No wonder average adventures only reach around
these levels its insanely harder after some point.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Kami *

Lvl:10

EXP: 1826/4000

Title:/God of All/Runaway God /

Class: N/A (Level 5 Reached, Class Unlocked]

HP: 2750/2750

Stamina: 1750/2750

Mana: 1750/2750

Strength: 2750

Endurance: 2750

Intelligence: 2750

Dexterity: 2750

Charisma: 7

Wisdom: 2750

/*Heavenly Strike* took 1000 SP and 1000 MP. Well I guess it's only fair
considering that I wanted to one shot it but I didn't expect to blow up
half the city as well. I do hope I didn't kill anyone as well. Well it
was all ruins in that direction and I did not detect any life with my
*Scan* coming from that way. /

He heard the people behind him murmuring as he turned around and looked
at them directly.

Many of them looked awe-struck at him and the others talked in whispers.

"A-adventurer, just who are you?"

"Hmmm, the name's Kami, I believe I had already said that."

"Are you a Hero?" spoke another voice in the back.

"I suppose I am. Are you guys alright?"

Many of them nodded their heads as the shock from Kami's strength began
settling and slowly they started roaring in laughter and cheer.

"The Hero Kami slayed the dragon with one shot! Hahaha, can you believe
there's someone that powerful out there?!"

"I had never heard of him before, perhaps he comes from a far land of Tyr."

"Nonsense! He must be Goddess Iatras blessing sent to us in our time of
need!"

The adventure's continued their arguing and many hugged and laughed at
the thought of being save from that monster. Many of them began flooding
towards Kami as they barraged him with questions he could barely make
out in all the commotion.

"Hero Kami do you have any need of followers, we would gladly take
swords for you"

"Where is your origin Sir Kami?!"

"Kami-san, p-please could you sign my staff!"

/Ah this is somewhat refreshing although a bit overwhelming./

He heard a voice let out a small scream in the back and noticed the girl
who had been rolling around in the floor attempting to stand.

Her stats where weird, plus that name, what's up with that? Thief was
it. Most interesting though she had a stat I had not seen before,
*Luck*, was it?

Kami walked past the group of adventure's that where surrounding him as
they began quieting down. The girl known as Thief stared at him for a
bit before collapsing back on the floor.

He stopped in front of her and crouched as he gave her a smile.

"So, what's with that*Luck* stat you have? Is that something anyone else
can get or was it just some birth-born thing people talk about around
these parts?"

Thief flinched in pain as she looked at him feeling shocked yet again.

This guy had just destroyed a powerful enemy with what was the most
powerful thing she had seen anyone do and he was curious about her
*Luck* stat?

"L-listen I'm not exactly in a chatty mood right now g-guy so as much as
I appreciate what you did c-could you not, ku." she replied closing her
eyes and trying to focus on holding back her pain.

"Ah I see you seem to be in pain for some reason, I can probably help."
Kami said as he lifted his fingers and snapped them.

There was a sudden aura of glow that surrounded Thief and a wave of
peace and strength filled her body. The pain retreated almost instantly
as she sat there dumbfounded for a few seconds before standing up and
examining herself.

The adventures again awed at the act in which Kami had performed.

"T-this man is no ordinary Hero! Who could bring wrath from the skies to
his enemies and at the same time heal those that which no one else could
with the snap of his fingers"

"He must be a *Godkin*! W-wait can the stories be true then?!"

"This must be the Hero of Tyr who would come in humanity's most
desperate time of need and save us from the dark forces!"

Kami tilted his head and let out a sigh.

/Back to this Hero of Tyr business. Just who exactly is the Hero of Tyr
supposed to be anyway besides some mythical-level legends or something.
Is there a requirement or is it just the first sight of something
amazing someone does they become the Hero of Tyr. Maybe it's a
self-given title? Whatever I'm more interested in this whole Luck
business and why I don't have it but she does. /

Kami turned his attention back to the girl standing in front of him.

When he did so she flinched backwards a bit before speaking up.

"T-thanks guy! How did you do that?!"

"I suppose you can talk now right? So, what's this*Luck* thing about?"

Thief looked around for a second confused as to how he could be talking
about her in front of all these people.

"Shouldn't you be...doing Hero stuff instead right now? Like catering to
the others questions and receiving praises or something?"

Kami continued to stare at her curiously as he spoke once more.

"Yeah, yeah I'll get to them in a moment it's just, this is really
interesting I can't help but feel a bit cheated now."

/"C-cheated, he's saying cheated?!This damn hero guy just killed a
freaking DRAGON in one shot like it was the easiest thing and he's
feeling cheated that he doesn't have a *Luck *stat?!" /Thief thought
staring back at him with an annoyed face.

"Ku, I don't have time for this!"

With that she activated her *[Stealth]* before leaping away with great
speed.

The adventures once again flooded him now that his business was done as
Kami stared blankly in front of him.

"Did she just go invisible and leave? A 'hey thanks for healing me'
would have been nice at least. I'll deal with that later I suppose." he
murmured in a low tone.

He turned his attention back to the crowd as he answered many of their
questions and chatted with some of them. A few people outside the large
group of adventures took notice when they slowly made their way back
into the city now that they saw no dragon flying in the air. Out of
curiosity they made their way towards them and began asking questions
only to soon find out about the heroic deed Kami had done.

In his entire existence he had never really got to interact with his
creations per say. He would help them out a lot of times saving them
from disasters or stopping bad things from happening to them in general
but it was always from a distance. For the first time in his life the
ones he saved knew it was him and they were actually capable of thanking
him directly.

A few minutes had gone by before a he heard in the distance a few voices
that were familiar.

He noticed Marie in the far back on the crowd waving her hand as he
waved back and made his way towards her.

A lot of the people tried to stop him and ask him more questions or
simply wanted to be around him for no other purpose than seeing him but
Kami easily pushed past the crowd.

He finally made it towards Marie and the rest of them stood there
staring at him.

Himari excited to see Kami was well ran to him and hugged him.

"Mister Kami! Keishi said the barrier was going to kill you but I didn't
believe him!"

"Hmph, little snitch" spoke Keishi as he looked around the crowd
avoiding Kami's gaze.

"So, what now man? It looks like something big was going on here and you
did something without us, what's the hell of a deal?" asked Hiromichi as
he crossed his arms and looked around nervously.

"Young Kami, I'm glad you are well. I did not believe the barrier would
be enough to take one down such as yourself but I could not help but
worry." said Asahi

Mari delightfully clapped her hands together and smiled at him.

She wasn't completely sure what was going on but whatever it was she was
convinced Kami had done something that saved many lives.

Kami nodded his head lost in thought once more before walking up towards
Hiromichi and snapping his fingers.

Hiromichi suddenly felt restricted once more by the ropes made of energy
as he fell to the floor and began struggling to break free.

"W-what the hell is this?!" yelled out Hiromichi.

Kami smiled brightly towards some guards standing nearby who were
looking at him shocked before he spoke up.

"This is the Wild Beast Tamer of the North, I do believe there's a
bounty for him, correct?"

