
Kami took a zip from his beverage as the others in the bar roared
raising their own drinks in a cheering motion. There was music and
laughter in the bar as the adventurers had gathered to celebrate the
killing of the beast who had attacked their city.

"Alright next rounds on me guys!" Kami said as he placed 40 pieces of
gold on the table. Once again, the bar roared in cheers.

The girl bartender picked up the money becoming flustered at the amount
of gold Kami had placed down.

"T-This is more than you need to p-pay Mr. Kami, this can cover 200
drinks."

Kami looked at the crowd once again and shouted.

"Next 200 drinks are on me!"

The crowd, as if by custom, cheered once again.

The bar was overwhelmed with people trying to get in and drink with the
Hero of the day. Many came across the city to just get a look at him or
be able to at least thank him for his deeds.

Kami walked towards a small table at the side of the bar holding his
drink and sat in front of his own personal group.

Himari was swinging her legs back and forth smiling as she rocked her head.

Marie and Asahi simply smiled when they saw Kami sit with them.

Keishi on the other hand was still acting cold and just took a zip from
his own drink and looked outside the window.

"You saved the city like you did with us Young Kami. I should expect no
less from you. I'm not a strong supporter of the Gods but I can't deny
that you are definitely a blessing." spoke Asahi.

"T-truly your benevolence is with no ending! Goddess Iatra choose wisely
when she- blessed you as the Hero of Tyr." said Marie holding herself back.

"Whatever, we're in the city, now what's the next move?" spoke Keishi.

Kami leaned on his hand as he looked at them. He wasn't sure what to do
from this point. His whole goal had been to get to this city and now
that he was here it had been completely destroyed. There wasn't much to
do at this point since they would be focused on rebuilding but he would
have a look around and maybe find his next destination.

"We are going to head on over to the Adventure's Guild and report
ourselves. Perhaps there is something we can do around here to help or
maybe a quest to fulfill." said Asahi leaning forward onto the table.

"We would love for you to come with us if you want or can stick around I
mean." she said looking directly into his eyes in a hopeful manner.

Kami leaned back and looked at Himari as she smiled at him and continued
to swing her legs around.

"I'm not sure myself at this point. I will probably follow you guys to
the Adventurer Guild and sign myself up as an Adventurer. I don't think
I'm officially one yet and would love to get this whole questing thing a
go."

"Hm, is that so? I would have thought someone like yourself would have
been an adventurer from a much younger age considering your strength.
You must have recently received this blessing of yours then." replied
Asahi as he picked up his glass and chugged.

"Whoa, you sure can take a drink there Asahi-sama." Kami said looking at
him finish the whole thing.

Asahi chuckled as he placed his glass down with a heavy thud on the table.

"So, how's this whole adventurer guild thing work?" asked Kami

"Tsk, wish that Hiromichi guy was here to tell you how much of an idiot
you sound when you ask stuff like that." replied Keishi still avoiding
looking at him and just staring out the window.

"Speaking of, are you sure you were fine with trading him in for gold?
It looked like he was more of a fellow team member than your prisoner
from what I could tell." asked Asahi.

"Oh no, I let him know quite well that as soon as I got to the city I
would trade him in for gold in a heartbeat" replied Kami smiling at his
stash of gold he pulled out the air.

It was a significantly large bag and was quite heavy but considering
Kami's strength, he hardly felt it at all. He had decided to carry a
pocketful of gold around and put the rest in what he recently learn he
could access with "magic" known as Storage.

"Besides he was a criminal, I don't hold anything personal against him
but it was his choices that led him to this. Also, thanks to him,
Himari's parents are missing, we have no idea where they went."

Himari looked down sadly for the first time in a while remembering that
her parents were missing or even possibly dead at this point.

"Very well I won't pry further, now to answer your question; Adventure's
Guild is a worldwide Guild that has no alliance to any of the nations of
Tyr. It is solely funded by clients and its adventurer's. It is
dedicated to taking out monsters and keeping areas safe as well as
finding newer areas to explore. People within the Guild have a Rank from
1-10. Essentially everyone starts at Rank 10 the lowest. From there
depending on your progress or strength you move up and make your way to
a higher Rank. In doing so you gain better status within the rank
allowing you to take harder quests and gain better rewards along with
having more access to certain benefits."

Asahi reached into one his pockets and took out a card. It looked like
it was made of metal and had inscriptions that glowed.

"You will receive this adventurer card automatically when an allocated
machine they have determines your Rank. Every time you finish a quest or
do something for the Guild you gain points towards your next Rank. They
could also choose to raise your Rank if they see you've done something
worthy of it being so. Your card will automatically update with this
info when you report back to the Guild."

"That's impressive, so mind me asking what's your guys Rank?" Kami asked
taking a closer look at the card he had pulled out.

"I am Rank 5, my daughter and Keishi are Rank 8" he answered putting his
card away.

"Wow Rank 5, you look a bit more powerful than your average adventurer
from what I can tell and even then, there's people higher than you?" he
confessed looking around at the crowd around him as he used his Data on
many of them.

A lot of the adventurers were around Level 5 to 12 there was one or two
in the crowd that were above that and even then, the highest was Level
15 from what he saw.

He nodded his head and smiled.

"There are others who are powerful out there as well. I've met a few
others and I can say they could easily swing their weapon in my
direction and take me out. However, someone like you who can do what he
can, never before in all my life."

"Well this whole thing got me excited. How about we go and set ourselves
up as official adventurer's Himari?" he asked standing from his seat and
looking down at her.

She jumped up from her chair and nodded her head.

"Yay I want to be an adventurer too!"

Asahi stood up followed by Marie and Keishi as they looked at them
jumping around in excitement.

"I must say Marie I am pleased to see that the Hero of Tyr is one that
is more down to earth than I had expected." Asahi said in a low voice so
they would not be able to hear.

Marie nodded her head and smiled as she stared at Kami playing around
with Himari.

"Yes, he's not what I would have expected it from someone of his stature."

Keishi hearing what they had to say simply made a groaning noise as he
walked away from them.

"Do you know what's wrong with him? Ever since he met Young Kami he has
been acting like this."

Marie shook her head as she watched Keishi make his way through the
crowd and exit the bar.

Truthfully, she did not know what was going through Keishi's head or
what was going on with his dislike of Kami's presence. After all he's
seen him do and how he is, how could he still afford to act this way.

Kami so far had saved their lives and countless others in this city and
she could not help but smile as if feeling proud of his actions. A
feeling inside her said that as long as she stuck with him everything
else would end up just fine.

She shook head and smiled somewhat sadly. No, he was a God after all the
chance that he would stick around much longer were slim. For now, she
would be as useful as she could to him even if only meant being in the
back supporting the work of the Gods.

"We should get going, I really want to find out what Rank Himari and I
will get placed in!"

With that Kami and Himari made their own way out of the bar followed
short by Asahi and Marie.

The crowd began cheering once more and Kami gave courteous smiles as
they exited.

"Ah, fresh air! Now onward to the Adventurer's Guild!"

