
The Adventurer's Guild

"Here you go mam. In light of your actions yesterday and your now known
abilities you have been promoted to Rank 4. Congratulations." spoke the
receptionist as she handed Thief's card back at her.

Thief looked at her card and grinned. For her this just meant that she
would be able earn more for her questing which meant more drinks.

"I was regretting using my*Arms* to hit that dragon yesterday but this
makes it so worth it, ku!"she said to herself out loud.

She had woken up this morning confused as to why her *Luck * stat had
been fine. She had drunk the "Break a Leg" flask and expected to see it
negative and receive nothing but bad luck today but it was normally
doing what it usually does and bringing her better luck than usual.
Whatever Kami did to heal her up didn't only stop the pain but negate
the negative effects of her drinks.

She almost skipped towards the seating area feeling awfully happy today
at how everything turned out. After she was done here she would go and
get wasted tonight as her own little personal celebration.

Thief sat on a comfy sofa as she waited for the receptionist to call her
back up and let her know all her paper work from the dead group members
were done as well.

"Maybe I should find him and ask him if that's some sort of skill I can
learn, that could come in handy when I need to use my Arms again. Better
yet maybe I can swipe a few of his stats, ku ku."

The door to the guild swung open as a group of what looked like
adventures to her walked in. It took her very little to distinguish the
same person who had saved them yesterday among that group, Kami.

"My*Luck* stat is too convenient, ku ku"

She activated her*[Stealth]* as she stood up, and slowly edged towards
the group of adventures listening in closely to what they were saying.

"We've come to report ourselves to the Guild" said Asahi as he lifted
his adventurer card at her along with Marie and Keishi.

The receptionist grabbed their cards and placed them on top of a flat
surface behind her. The wall behind them radiated with energy showing
off all their information as she turned around and smiled at them.

"Welcome then adventurers, it will take a moment for our system to
update the information we have on you so why not sit and wait meanwhile."

Thief took a look at their information and noticed that they were pretty
average. The girl that looked like the healer of the party and the mage
looking guy were Rank 8. The more noticeable one was the older male who
was Rank 5.

"Actually, we have two people today who are trying to apply into the
Guild" Asahi said as he moved revealing Kami and Himari standing next to
each other.

The receptionist opened her mouth for a second almost stunned before
speaking once more.

"Y-yes of course we would gladly take in Hero-sama and-" she said
looking over at Asahi confused as to who else wanted to join.

"Himari, she's my companion" spoke Kami with a smile as he looked down
at her.

"H-her, your companion? We usually don't take applicants of such a young
age but if she's the companion of one like yourself I'm sure we could
make an exception. P-please follow me." she said in a shaky manner
raising her arms as a sign for them to come.

The group followed as Thief continued to *Stealth *around them as
quietly as she could so she would not be noticed.

"There will be a fee of 500 Silver coins per person. If it's for you two
it will sum up to 1 Gold coin." the receptionist added as she led them.

They came to a stop in front of a large platform that had glowing
inscriptions in it.

"I've been meaning to ask what's with these weird letters I can't read"
asked Kami curiously.

Thief tilted her head and squinted her eyes in a confused face.

"Does he seriously not know what they are? What back hill of Tyr does HE
come from?" she thought.

"They are words of magic Young Kami. When an item is embedded with Mana
and a spell is placed on it these words appear. The direct translation
on the words should roughly summarize what the spell is." replied Asahi.

"I-if you would step up on the platform so it can input your information
and set you in a proper Rank for your level please." the receptionist
said with a smile in her face.

Thief could tell she was acting a bit flustered. She never quiet
understood what was the fascination with people when they came across a
Hero. Sure, they were a rare breed and their work should speak for
itself and maybe they deserve some level of respect but at the end of
the day they are just normal people. This one from what she could tell
is even more clueless than your average Hero which only made her wonder
how he made it so long out there or how he got strong enough to swing
his sword down and kill a dragon.

"You go first Himari." Kami spoke as he gently pushed her forward

Himari looked like she could barely contain her excitement as she
stepped up on the platform. The platform began to glow as she stood
silently for a while waiting for the process to finish. In just a few
short seconds the platform returned to normal and a small metal card
appeared from a slot on the side of the wall.

The receptionist reached out to grab it and froze almost instantly.

"Ummm- Congratulations new adventurer you have been placed in Rank 6"

A few heads around the Guild turned when they heard Rank 6. Even Thief
was a bit impressive even more so that it was a small little girl like her.

Average adventurers would get placed somewhere around Rank 8 to 10
depending on their overall stats. From there Rank 5 to 7 were those who
were more exceptional among the adventurers. Ranks 2-4 were now reaching
the realm of prodigies and those who held gear that was legendary in
essence.

Now that the guild knew she contained an*Arms* she had been promoted
from her usual Rank 5 to Rank 4, something she never thought she would
achieve in her youth.

Rank 1 was the stuff of legends. Many in this Rank were not only
adventurers but Heroes. Only a handful of people were this Rank and no
matter where they went they were treated as the best of the crop.

A few people applauded when they noticed Himari had been the one to
achieve Rank 6 and a few began to murmur. Many of them knew who Kami was
and now that they noticed him began paying attention to the events that
were transpiring.

Himari grabbed her card from the receptionist and giggled.

"Mister Kami look I'm officially an adventurer now!" she said hopping
towards him.

"Tsk, she's one Rank higher than us how did that happen?" Keishi asked
looking at Marie.

Marie simply smiled and gently clapped her hands together. She was truly
happy for her.

"You're next Hero-sama." spoke the receptionist now recovering from the
fact that she just handed a Rank 6 adventurer card to a little girl.

Kami petted Himari's head for a bit before walking up to the platform
himself. Once again, the platform began to glow as he stood silently
waiting for it to finish.

Thief assumed Kami would probably get Rank 2 or Rank 1 considering he's
a Hero. Actually, to be fair she had not yet seen his stats and began
growing curious as to what his info was. Before she could activate her
Data skill the platform settled and a card popped from the slot again.
The receptionist reached out and grabbed it as she stared at it in
confusion.

"I-Im sorry Hero-sama there seems to be a mistake please let me try it
once more" she said as she waved her hand and the card blanked out.

The platform began to glow again and in just a few short seconds
stopped. Another card popped from the slot as she grabbed it and
continued to stare at it in silence.

"Is there something wrong?" Kami finally spoke up.

He was curious about his Rank and this receptionist was making it a
little too dramatic for his taste. He wished she would just spill it out
already.

The receptionist bowed her head and spoke up.

"P-please if you would wait a moment while I talk to the Guild Master
about this"

She took of almost instantly in long strides towards the stairs that
would lead her to the second floor.

"Wonder what's going on here?" spoke Kami.

"There might be something wrong with the machine Young Kami. She might
need to confirm something with the Guild Master." replied Asahi.

"Heh, bet he's getting a lower Rank than even us. How hilarious would
that be? The Hero of Tyr a measly Rank 10" teased Keishi.

"It doesn't matter! Mister Kami is the strongest person out there no
matter what Rank he gets!" yelled out Himari in defense to Kami.

"I hope everything works out fine. Maybe the fact that he's the Hero of
Tyr has something to do with it." Marie said staring at Kami.

"You guys are too supportive it's a bit vomit inducing" whispered Thief.

Kami raised his head and looked in Thief's direction.

She clapped her hands over her mouth just realizing she had spoken. It
wasn't that loud to begin with but it was enough for Kami to notice.

He grinned a bit as if saying 'I know you're there' but simply turned
his attention towards the rest of the group.

"It's fine guys whatever Rank I get I'm just excited at this point to
get some quests and start my life as a proper adventurer." he said with
a strong conviction.

The receptionist returned but this time there was someone next to her.
It was a much older male probably around his early 50's. He wore what
looked like large heavy armor that showed signs of being worn over the
years. It was dented in some parts and had scratches in others from
attacks it had deflected or stopped. He had simple worker pants and
leather boots. His eyes looked small and brown with his long laced
black-white hair reaching to his mid back. He had a well-built upper
body and in one hand gripped what looked like a metal helmet and in the
other he had Kami's adventurer card.

"You must be Kami, the Hero who killed that dragon yesterday and saved
us from being cursed in this barrier." the man said in a deep serious
voice.

Kami nodded his head and looked up at the man. He was pretty tall, much
taller than he was for sure.

"I am Guild Master Solomon. I lead this branch of the Adventurer's Guild
and wish to thank you for joining us. It's curious, how could someone so
powerful have never join our ranks before" he spoke as he closed his eyes.

"Either way, here, Congratulations Hero Kami, you are officially our
only Rank 0 Adventurer"


          Intermission 1

*Prinny*: *leans back on chair in exhaustion from writing at 3 in the
morning*

*Hiromichi*: *bursts door down* Hey! What the hell is up with the whole
throwing me out of the story and putting me in jail, you got something
against me you shit stain?!

*Prinny*: Look, there's other characters in this story besides you, and
I really wanna get into some of their stories, dood! I cut back here
considering I want to write twice the amount that I usually do anyway.

*Hiromichi*: *stares at recent chapter* Who the hell is Thief?! Some
random girl character replaces me now?! You're just a typical weeb
writing his harems!

*Prinny*: Just wanted to add her in it, doesn't take away from the
point! *stares intently at Hiromichi*

*Hiromichi*: What the hell is this?! *look in Notifications*

*Prinny*: What is it?

*Hiromichi*: Why are so many people putting the story in BL Reading Lists?!

*Prinny*: *looks at lists* Do they think I'm writing Yaoi here, dood?
They thinking You and Kami going to make some boy loving action soon?
Maybe some hate love making between you and Keishi about how you both
find Kami annoying?

*Hiromichi*: *Shivers* W-what the hell man?!

*Prinny*:*thinks for a second as he opens up a new words document*

*Hiromichi*: W-what are you doing?!

*Prinny*: Nothing, nothing I mean look, dood. The fans are clearly
demanding some boy loving and I have to say I've been thinking of adding
a character just like that into the story.

*Hiromichi*: *looks in fear* Hey! If this is about me complaining that
I'm not getting enough screen time, it was just a joke no need to-

*Prinny*: Shush you *begins typing* I am a people pleaser. If homosexual
relationships are what the crowd wants then homosexual relationships the
crowd gets dood!

*Hiromichi*: Y-you can't be serious.

*Prinny*: No,I really am, but it's not cause of them. Anyway *turns and
stares at front of page* I want to thank everyone who reads my story. I
feel like I can do better for you but somehow you still stick by it and
read on. As of this moment I've reached 3k readers and a bit more so
thank you very much for everything!

*Hiromichi*: *stares in confusion* Who the hell are you talking to? Look
about this whole BL bus-

*Prinny*: Also, any comments letting me know about your opinion of
certain events or any time you want to let me know something like 'you
spelled this wrong' or 'I think you're a hot piece of garbage' just
write it down and I'll get a good look at it as soon as I can and I'll
get to work on fixing that grammar up or crying at the corner for being
called garbage.

*Hiromichi*: Hey ass h-

*Prinny*: That's all for today and I hope you enjoyed this small little
side writing I did just for you all. Let me know if it's something I
should do more frequent or if I should just slave away at writing new
stuff.

*Hiromichi*: Hey, listen to me!

*Prinny*: Till next time doods!

