
"Rank 0? Just like the Grand Heroes of Past" said Asahi in a stunned voice.

The people in the back who had been paying attention to the commotion awed.

"So, what's this Rank 0 and the whole Grand Heroes of Past business?"
asked Kami as he stared at his glowing card.

"You truly don't know? What do they teach kids your age these days?"
spoke Solomon.

"Tsk, don't put me in the lot with him. He's just some weird guy who
asks too many questions." commented Keishi putting a sour face.

"The Grand Heroes of Past were adventurer's like yourself. They were the
strongest warrior's mortality could offer. There were 3 in total and
together they pushed the God of Calamity back and saved Tyr centuries
ago." answered Asahi no longer minding the fact that Kami always seemed
clueless about everything.

"What about Goddess Iatra? Where was she to stop this God of Calamity
guy?" continued to ask Kami as he placed his card away in one of his
pockets.

"At the time she was not the powerful being she is today. She ruled
peacefully over a part of Tyr but when the God of Calamity attacked she
did not partake in the fight. She instead dedicated her entire power to
prevent the God of Calamity's power from reaching her domain."

"Who exactly where they? Names and stuff, I mean."

"Their names were Ausra Inoue, Sora Goto, and Touma Fukuda. Ausra was
said to have died in the battle versus the God of Calamity. She was the
only human among the 3 Gran Heroes and perhaps the weakest of the three.
Touma was a Beastman, a race of human-like people who have attained
animalistic qualities, he died of old age. However, Sora is the most
interesting one thus far. It might be that he still lives somewhere in
this world to this day considering he was a Prime Elf. They are said to
have an extensive lifespan so it's quite possible someone else of your
power exists in this world Young Kami if not even stronger than you."
said Asahi.

/Well that was kind of obvious with this whole curse I can't break from
Himari. Still, guess getting Rank 0 like those Grand Hero people is
pretty impressive. It also means there's a lot more people in this world
who are more powerful than me currently than I thought. At first, I
thought it would just be the Gods but now even some normal people can
potentially be stronger, that's exciting. /

Kami smiled as he turned around and started walking away.

"Well thanks for the information. I think I'm going to see if there's
any quest of my level that I can pick up. There is such a quest am I
right?"

The Guild Master looked at the receptionist for a second before the rest
of them began following behind him.

"There might be something suited to your needs. The King had sent his
son and a few of his strongest knights out to take out a dungeon in the
outskirts of the City just West of here that had recently spawned. It's
been a few days since they were sent out and no word has returned to the
King or any of his men about the location of his said son. He recently
approached me and inquired about a strong adventurer who he would
rewards handsomely if they were to secure the location. I had sent out
word to the strongest adventurers that I could think of but it's going
to take more than a few days for them to get word of this. Considering
some of his knights are potentially in the Rank 4 to 5 area we would
need someone of that magnitude or even higher to take this request in
hand. Something you would be interested in?"

Kami thought about it as shivers of excitement crossed through his back.
A dungeon? Kings and sons and potentially another strong monster?
Handsome reward? He was more than interested.

"Yeah, looks like something I can get behind" he said as a smile spread
across his face.

Solomon simply nodded his head as the receptionist immediately made her
way to the desk, passing Kami in a haste.

"The paperwork will take a few hours so please, do care to explore a bit
more of the city" spoke Solomon.

"Anywhere you suggest I should take a look?" asked Kami.

"Well, a strong warrior as yourself might be interested in stocking up
in our local shops with new gear perhaps. I would have suggested you go
to the Colosseum but considering the dragon attack just yesterday, it
would seem they have closed down currently while repairs are being made
to the city and the colosseum itself."

"Colosseum? That sounds interesting. What happens there?"

"Well if you are more than willing; the colosseum is a place where
people can go and fight others to show their strength in front of a
crowd. It's a form of entertainment. Considering who you are, you would
make a good candidate to partake in it. Not to mention those who
participate in there, receive fame."

/That sounds interesting as well. Not that in matters anyway he said it
was closed. Well the shop idea seems pretty smart, but not for me. I
promised Himari we would buy scrolls of skills for her to learn so I
think this is the appropriate time to do that. Also, might upgrade HER
gear. Ah it's like unlocking new shops from a new area you advance to in
a game. So exciting indeed. /

Kami looked at Himari as she looked back with her round eyes staring
into Kami's soul.

"How about we go do some shopping then Himari? About time you became a
proper mage."

"Yes, Mister Kami. I'm more than ready!" she said sounding like a proper
follower.

With that the group followed Kami to the exit of the Guild as they
decided to make their way to the shops.

Thief on the other hand who had been quietly observing everything since
she last made a noise removed the stealth from herself.

She couldn't believe that mindless Hero was strong enough to get Rank 0
and much more, she couldn't believe what she was thinking.

Considering he was that strong and that he had just received a quest
that would potentially bring lots of gold, she became interested in
tagging along. Thief snickered greedily at the thought of her showering
in nothing but gold coins for the next few months.

"Thief-sama! You disappeared on us for a while there. Your paperwork is
finished and we should be able to give you a quest now if you so wish."
said the receptionist finally noticing Thief's presence.

"No need, I think I got my own quest for now. I might have just hit the
jackpot with this one! It looks like I found my new group of Randoms to
join, ku ku."

