
It had been a few hours since Kami and the rest of the group had decided
to shop. They had split up thinking it would be faster to specialize
their shopping lists on what they were specifically looking for.

Kami had gone crazy on Himari and had decided to buy her only the best
gear that was available. Now, she wore a silk white dress that reached
up to her knees that was made of the finest materials he could buy. On
top of that, her usual worn-out plate armor that was strapped around her
chest was gone and instead a silver-plated chest plate was in its stead
that was well polished, looking unbreakable and like something only some
high-class noble would buy. Her usual small boots that showed signs of
age were now instead long boots that had been specifically made for her.
They were jet black and had a mesmerizing feel to them. Her usual shield
and sword were nowhere in sight now as she held a staff that glimmered.
It was white and gold and at the top had the shape of a dragon. It gave
an aura of strength and royalty. On her head now, she had a wizarding
hat that matched with the colors of her dress. It gave her an appearance
of looking taller than she actually was.

Kami was surprised to learned that gear in this Universe had no direct
effect on stats, per say. The better the gear the better it could take
hits and it would definitely affect how much damage you do or take but
it was not a direct stat that was shown in someone's list when he used
[Data] on them. There was some gear that would affect stats directly but
as far as he knew most of it would just enhance one's damage and
resistances in some hidden calculation he didn't really know how to check.

Enchanting gear however he felt was something similar to what he knew.
If you cast the right spell or use the right materials gear would gain
certain properties to it. This is one-way stats could be directly
affected by gear. For example, if someone managed to use materials on a
piece of cloth that would raise their Mana by 100 points, it would show
in their stats that they have 100 more points when they are using that
cloth. However, the cloth itself would not raise someone's Endurance but
it would reduce the damage they take.

It was a bit strange but he decided not to think too much on it right now.

He took a good look at Himari as she stopped to look at him with an
alarming face.

"W-what is it Mister Kami?" she asked

"You look great I'm really happy I got you all this gear you look like
some sort of prodigal adventurer or something it's amazing."

She blushed at the compliments she was receiving and looked at the
ground. Himari seemed to be twirling the staff around making a dent on
the dirt.

"Alright well we got the gear and also we got some starter scrolls and a
few better ones here for you. We're going to practice a bit of fighting
when you learn these. I will be your opponent so you don't need to hold
back." Kami commented.

They had come outside the walls of the city to practice in an open area.
It was nothing but green pasture as far as Kami could see except the
direction in which the city walls were. He felt they were at a good
enough distance to not cause any commotion.

He took a look at a few of them as he passes them on to Himari.

There were the basic elemental skills*[Fire]*,*[Water]*, *[Earth]*,
*[Lightning]*, *[Wind]*,*[Ice]*. Then some different types of spells
that were a bit more advanced here like*[Fly]*, or*[Teleport]*. One
though he had bought at a big price of 1000 Gold Pieces which had made
the shop owner almost faint. It was quite a rarity and from what the
owner had told him, unique. It was a summoning spell by the name of
*[Witch Doll]*. He didn't know what it was or what it did but he did not
mind giving it to Himari since he could just learn the spells by
thinking of them. His 5000G were down to around 3500G's now.

Kami smiled as he handed the scroll one by one to Himari.

She grasped each scroll and closed her eyes as the scrolls began to glow
and eventually banished.

The shop keeper had been kind enough to tell them how to let Himari
learn the skills in the scrolls they had purchased. If you focused hard
enough while holding a skill scroll a message should prompt asking if
you wish to learn the skill. From there you accept and just like that,
skill learned

Finally, he handed the last scroll to her as she repeated the process
once more and looked up at Kami once it was done.

"Good now, just because you learn the skills doesn't mean you know how
to use them properly. To be frank, I'm just winging it here as well so
let's see what we can both come up with in a small fight."

Himari nodded her head in agreement as Kami walked a few paces away from
her.

"Alright hit me with everything you got."

Himari raised her staff towards Kami and yelled out.

"*Lightning!*"

The sky around them grew partially cloudy as a small bolt of lightning
originating from the sky struck down were Kami was standing.

He stepped to the side dodging the Lightning strike as he ran up to Himari.

She panicked at the sight of him running towards him and yelled out once
again.

"*F-Fly!*"

She began levitating from the ground as she struggled to keep herself
facing upward.

Kami ran up to her and jumped in the air getting face to face close with
her as he gently flicked her nose.

"Ow" she said rubbing her nose.

"Haha, come on Himari show me some of those other skills you got" Kami
said as he landed on the ground in front of her and looked up at her
levitating in the air.

Himari lifted her staff once more.

"*Wind*"

Suddenly a strong current of air began blowing as Kami covered his face.

It was mostly just bothering him than actually doing any damage and he
wondered how this skill was supposed to do anything to begin with.

However, he noticed that now that the wind had picked up thanks to
Himari's skill she was struggling to stay in the air and began losing
balance as she got blown in the current.

She landed on the ground soon after that as she rolled across it.

"Ow, ow, ow"

Kami stared dumbfounded at her. It looked like her own skill had
betrayed her and she had been blown down by it.

She quickly stood up and raised her arms into the air as she held the
staff.

"*Witch Doll!*"

A small circle of what Kami could only describe as magical glyph
surrounded Himari. Soon a second smaller glyph appeared in front of her
and a small little doll appeared from the ground.

It was kind of cute in appearance with beady little black eyes and a
small little witch hat and small robes that reached to what he would
think its knees should be with its own small version of a staff. It
seemed to be missing a mouth and it had a bobby like haircut. It had
stubby little arms and legs and it blinked and looked around for a second.

Soon it noticed Himari and looked up at her as it ran up to her and
slowly started crawling up her leg.

"Hyaaah! W-what is it doing Mister Kami?!" squealed Himari.

The little witch doll crawled up her waist and onto her shoulder as it
sat on it simply staring and blinking.

Kami was confused as to what this was supposed to do but decided it
would be better of a surprise if he found out while they sparred than if
he looked up the skill.

"Just keep going Himari, this is just practice. Don't worry too much
about messing up."

She nodded her head once more as she began to levitate. It appeared her
[Fly] skill was still in effect as she lifted her staff and pointed it
at Kami.

"*Ice!*"'

The area around Kami got chilly as out of thin air he was hit with what
felt like a giant cold stone. He blinked a few moments feeling surprised
but realized it was just Himari's skill.

The little witch suddenly stood on Himari's shoulder and lifted its
stubby little arm that held the staff and pointed it at Kami.

Once again, the area around Kami got cold and yet again he was hit with
the same feeling.

Himari blinked a bit but decided to carry on as she once again lifted
her staff into the air.

"*Fire!*"

Now, a combustion of flames hit Kami as he stood in the middle of it
smiling. He knew none of her spells would actually do any damage
considering their stat difference but he was proud none the less that
she was able to do more than hack and swing a sword now.

The witch doll once more lifted its stubby little arm and the same thing
happened again. Kami was hit with another flame and he realized what the
witch doll was.

It was basically a mini companion that casted the spell that a caster
would do. Generally doubling the damage dealt to someone for the price
of just one cast. It was a nice addition to her skill sets no doubt but
he wondered if that's really all it could do.

He couldn't really tell the damage difference between Himari and The
Witch Doll considering they both dealt zero damage to him but by the
form of impact they were generally the same strength.

/Does that mean the stronger she gets, the stronger the doll hits as
well? I can see that being extremely useful later on but I do hope
there's a few more things this little spell can do otherwise not sure if
the 1000G's were worth it. /

Himari seemed surprised again as if she was grasping on the idea of what
the doll did and smiled.

"She does everything I do!" said Himari in an excited tone.

The doll sat back on her shoulder and continued to blink in silence.
Himari grabbed it and began tossing it into the air.

"It's cute too I'm really happy I learned this skill!"

/It's supposed to be a combat summoning skill Himari, not a toy. Ah
well, let her have her fun I suppose. /

"Alright we still have two other skills to try out so let's-"

Kami was interrupted when he heard a group of guards arriving behind
him. It was a squadron and they all stood still as Kami directed his
sight at them. There was a moment of silence before one of the guards
moved up and lifted a scroll and read from it.

"B-By order of King Mellius, I hereby place the Hero Kami under arrest!"

