
/You know, in my entire existence I've been accused of many things.
Being an evil God, not helping people in need, leaving my creations in a
pit of despair and hopelessness, but I've never quite been thrown in
jail for it. This is a new experience for me for sure. /

He walked through a dark corridor that was only lit by the torches
placed on the side of the walls. Kami looked inside the cells that were
lined up across to see if anyone was there but mostly it was just empty.

"Hey guys so, question, how do you attempt to keep me here in case I
just try to break out?" Kami asked as he looked at one guards walking
behind him.

He clearly saw when one of them gulped and the other raised his sword
and simply yelled out in a shaky voice.

"K-keep moving prisoner!"

He was kidding around of course; Kami would not attempt to break out,
unless it just got too boring. This was strangely fun for him, being the
bad guy locked up. He was told his crime was the destruction of the
capital city.

Kami had no idea this whole time that Alzel was the capital of a human
kingdom. I mean, sure he was guilty of destroying half of the city but
had he not also saved many people?

He shrugged and smiled as he continued walking. Either case, Kami was
more than happy to comply with the situation for now.

"Stop there!" said one of the guards that was walking in front of him as
they came to a halt.

"I mean, you're leading, is it really necessary for you to yell out
'Stop there'? "

"You, in here" one of the other guards spoke as he opened one of the
jail cells.

Kami shrugged and closed his eyes as he walked into the cell. They
immediately closed it behind him and the walls began to glow.

"You asked how we we're going to keep you here, this is how. Those cuffs
you have on you suppress your stats and these walls as well are
enchanted to further keep you down just in case you get any bright
ideas." mocked the guard who had been shaken up by the question.

Kami looked around and gave a gentle smile at him.

"Well you sure got me, just let me know when your King wants to see me,
please do try to make it quick I'm not sure if I came all this way just
to sit around forever in jail."

The guard gave an annoyed looked before turning around with the rest of
the guards and leaving.

Kami leaned against the wall and yawned loudly.

Now that he was in here. He was starting to notice how dull it all was
and the excitement left him almost as quickly as it had come. He sighed
as he sat on the ground and stared at the bars.

"Ah maybe I made a mistake by just letting them take me in." yawned Kami
once more.

"Who's there?" said a familiar voice from the other side of the wall.

Kami perked out as he got back on his feet and raised an eyebrow. This
voice was familiar but he didn't want to jump to conclusions.

"Hiromichi?"

"H-huh? Who the hell is th-wait that voice that sounds like an idiot
every time he asks something... Kami?"

"Hey it is you. How's life as a prisoner going?" mocked Kami

"Tch! You got some nerve! I'm in here cause of you and now I'm going to
rot away in this fuc-wait, why are you here?!"

"Ah, yes well apparently the King did not take it kindly to me blowing
up half the city to save everyone, go figure."

Hiromichi burst out in laughter before speaking in a mocking tone.

"The almighty Hero of Tyr everybody, a prisoner of stupidity!"

"Ah it's a little tough hearing you from behind this wall"

Kami raised his cuffed fists and smashed the wall down. The stone came
crumbling down as Hiromichi backed up to the other end of the wall in
shock.

"W-what the hell man?! Are you saying you can still use all your
strength in this place?!"

Kami walked into the other side of the cell as he looked around and smiled.

"Yeah of course. I wouldn't purposely let them get me unless I knew I
could leave whenever I want. Besides I'm supposed to act like a Hero,
right? What kind of Hero runs from guards when they ask him so kindly to
submit?"

"Tch, what kind of Hero gets turned into a prisoner because he blows up
half the city is a better question, idiot." said Hiromichi as he sat on
the corner of the wall.

There was a moment of silence as Kami stood there thoughtfully thinking
of a proper situation.

"You wouldn't wanna bust us out of this place any time soon, would you?"
asked Hiromichi.

Kami shook his head and sat next to Hiromichi.

"It wouldn't be right, besides you're actually a criminal, no?"

"Dammit you piss me off! Look if you were going to turn me in at least
stop torturing me once I'm in jail no need to follow me in here!"

They both sat in silence for a while before Kami spoke up.

"Look it... it wasn't anything personal or anything honestly I think
you're an okay person but you DID kidnap all those people and I mean,
come on, the gold helped me buy some new gear for Himari."

"Tch, how is she by the way? She say anything about me? W-who the hell
is taking care of her?!"

Kami moved his head back in a surprise manner. He had no idea Hiromichi
even remotely cared about half of what he had just asked to know about.
It seemed a bit weird of his character considering he was constantly
acting cold and sarcastically mocking him.

"Shesh, she'll be fine I told her to go find Asahi and the others and
let them know what's happening. I should be getting called to present
myself in front of the King sometime soon."

"Well good for you 'Hero'!" Hiromichi said as he inched further from Kami.

Kami gave a thoughtful look as he stared at him. He wondered if
Hiromichi was somehow holding a grudge against him for turning him in
for more than just doing that.

"So, what have you been doing for fun here since yesterday?"

"Does it look like there's anything to do?! I'm just sitting here
waiting for the boredom to put me to sleep for good!"

"That's a little dark Hiromichi."

Once again there was a moment of silence. Kami could feel Hiromichi
didn't really want to talk at this point but he felt like he had a few
more things to say.

"Listen on the bright side, free food from now till you die, no longer
do you have to kidnap people for gold an-"

"Don't you shut up! Get the hint man I want silence!" interrupted
Hiromichi.

Kami shrugged as the silence continued.

It had not occurred to him that maybe Hiromichi had felt betrayed there
at the end. To be fair, their time together was short and less than
pleasant and besides that, there wasn't really a moment in which they
both shared that could be remotely consider friendship or even kinship
but nonetheless. Maybe through his point there was nothing but what
about Hiromichi's point of view? Did he start taking a liking to them
and suddenly Kami had decided to sell him for a few gold anyway? Could
he even consider the fact that it was betrayal since he had told him he
would trade him in for gold almost as soon as they got to the city?

Kami sighed and looked to the ends of the bars. The feeling of guilt,
something he never quite felt began reaching his chest. As an adventurer
he had done his job;he saw a bounty and he reaped the rewards for it but
what about as a Hero? Would a Hero had tried to save him from his
mistakes instead of greedily looking for a reward? Would a Hero have
tried a little harder than what he did? Maybe this whole thing is not as
cut and dry as he initially thought. No, maybe that's exactly what a
Hero would have done. Then what's to feel guilty about? Maybe it wasn't
that he felt guilty as a Hero or an adventurer but as a person. Either
way, there's only one thing he could say right now.

"Hiromichi, I'm sorry"

