
"W-what the hell is this beverage?!" asked a surprised Hiromichi as he
gulped from a cup.

"Well, it's called a fountain drink, or a soda, which ever you prefer I
suppose." replied Kami.

"This shit is delicious, crap, where in Tyr do they make these?!"

Both Kami and Hiromichi sat on the ground in their cells as they shared
a meal together. It had been 2 weeks since the King had decided to throw
Kami into jail. No word from the guards letting him know if the King
would decide to meet him any time soon. They would just show up, give
them both a crappy meal and leave.

At first the guards had panicked at seeing that the wall between
Hiromichi's cell and his own had been broken down but knowing of Kami's
strength, they decided to overlook it and not even bother going into it
any further.

For the past two weeks it had been the same exact thing. Kami was a bit
annoyed at first knowing the King was probably playing hard to get but
he started to enjoy his time here anyway. Hiromichi and him had started
to get along better ever since he had decided to apologize. He still had
the same attitude but at least Kami could tell it wasn't as much of a
personal attack as before.

This time around Kami had decided to toss the garbage food they gave
them and give him a bit of the better life. He had summoned food from a
different universe and before them laid fast food. There was a pile of
burgers and many side dishes along with bags with some foreign logo to
Hiromichi. Kami had started doing this a week ago, slowly showing
Hiromichi many foods that did not exist in this universe. Every time
Hiromichi would react the same way and sure enough this got him in a
good mood.

Hiromichi shoved another burger into his face as he began mumbling with
a full mouth.

"Yo, Khami dis haws got to be-"

"Just swallow before you talk Hiromichi, it's hard to make out what
you're saying"

Hiromichi forcefully swallowed his food as he grinned in satisfaction.

"I said this had got to be the best meals I've had this past week. I
don't know where you get all this food from but dam is it good."

"Try the chicken strips there with some of that dipping sauce. It's
spectacular, you won't believe it but even though it's from the same
brand they are from two different universes and the combination of both
of these is just, yum!"

Hiromichi tilted his head in confusion as though Kami has just said some
words that were not coherent in the language he spoke.

"Nevermind just give it a go."

Hiromichi grabbed the food Kami was pointing to and dipped into the
sauce as he placed it into his mouth. The change in Hiromichi's face was
like he had died and was now resting peacefully in the after life.

"Holy fu-dam this is so good what in the world is this?! You call this
'chicken strips' right?! And this small container that
has...this...sauce?! Kami you bastard this food must have been stolen
from the Gods! Am I going to be cursed by them if I eat this shit?"

Kami chuckled as he continued to stare at him. He found it amusing
showing Hiromichi all these new things. Now it was Hiromichi with all
the questions.

"I can finish this myself right?

Kami nodded his head as he leaned against the wall and pulled out a
hand-held system. Hiromichi curiously looked at the screen like a small
child watching something fancy.

"Where the hell do you get all this crap from? I've never seen this
before I met you, what even is this magic?!"

Kami slowly pulled his system away from Hiromichi's closing hands.

"Ah, no! Last time I let you play this you gripped it so hard when you
died in game, you broke it all! I spend all 3 nights leveling my
characters and you just got rid of all my progress like that!"

"H-hey, cmon I just wanted to touch it." murmured Hiromichi.

Kami put a thoughtful face on as he handed over the hand-held to him.

Hiromichi grabbed it with the most excited face he could put as he
started smashing down on the buttons.

"Wonder if we'll get out from here..." asked Kami out loud as he stared
at the bars.

"It's not so bad now is it? Long as you can keep bringing all that fancy
food in here and bringing this fancy magic stuff I can stay here my
entire life, hahahaha!!!" laughed Hiromichi out loud as he continued to
stare at the screen and push down on the buttons.

"I suppose, but it's no different than Heaven really, I would just be in
a room stuck all day playing. Well, at least I don't have Sayu bugging
me every two seconds about fixing something" he said as he looked at
Hiromichi.

Hiromichi was now completely lost in the game and had heard nothing of
what Kami had said. He was focused now on the game and Kami chuckled. He
saw a little of a gamer addict in him and wondered if Hiromichi lived in
another universe would he be a total shut-in like himself.

"Come to think of it, I wonder how Heaven is holding up? Considering
this universe has not collapsed I'm assuming Sayu is making excellent
progress. Her and all the angels combined should be enough to measure up
to some of my power I suppose."

"Yeah man you do you" replied Hiromichi still completely lost in the game.

"Ah, well, hey Hiromichi how about we do some co-op? I can use a grind
buddy for the Behemoth. I need 3 large scales to drop but the dam rng is-"

Suddenly he heard a door in the distance open and a shuffle of heavy
armor approaching their way. Hiromichi was still lost in the game as
Kami stood up and stared.

This was unusual considering they would only show up at determine times
to give them food and this was not one of their usual times.

The guards steadily approached the cell as the saw Kami standing,
waiting for their arrival.

One of the guards opened the cells once he unlocked it and spoke.

"King Mellius wishes to speak to you"

Hiromichi finally taking notice, also stood up and put the system behind
his back.

The guards looked around the area, noticing all the food and looked at
Kami instantly. They knew it was because of him but again, knowing of
his strength and what he could probably do they decided not to question it.

"Well if I go I would like to make a request and take him with me" spoke
Kami as he looked over at Hiromichi.

"You don't make request prisoner. The King wishes to see you and you
alone." replied the guard in a more assertive tone.

Kami once again put a thoughtful face before Hiromichi spoke up.

"To hell with that Kami, just go and meet the dam King. I'm sure he's
gonna need you for some bs Hero business and now he's going to beg you
to help him out, typical royality."'

He realized he had completely forgot to tell Hiromichi that the King's
son had gone missing.  Kami had pushed that to the back of his mind for
these past two weeks and now suddenly he remembered.

Kami looked at Hiromichi and smiled.

"You sure, I mean I don't want to bust us out but if I make good with
the Ki-"

"Get outta here you bastard. You making me all soft and crap I need some
time alone! Now go on do your Hero shit! Just don't be an idiot out
there, you embarrass me when you go out there and ask stupid stuff."
replied Hiromichi as he tried handing the hand- held back to Kami.

Kami shook his head and continued to smile.

"Hang on to it, like I said I'm sure I can work something out with the
King"

With that Kami walked out as the guards carefully eyed him. They closed
the cell behind them as they led Kami out of the dungeon cells. He heard
Hiromichi's voice in the distance as he made his way out.

"Kick their ass Kami!"

