
/"I can't, I simply can't handle this, who can possibly create THESE
many universes and be expected to maintain it in order." /

Sayu stood in a room filled with what looked like galaxies floating
around her. She lightly tapped on a few and moved them away from each
other ever so slowly so they wouldn't collapse. She gently wiped her
forehead with her hand and smiled weakly at her work. She had seen Kami
do this sometimes when he felt too bored to just snap his fingers and
fix anything and he had always looked so confident moving entire
universes around. She was only moving a couple of galaxies and she was
losing her composure.

/"D-did I do it too hard? Too fast? I really hope I-" /

"M-mam the galaxies you just moved!! The beings in them collapsed from
the sudden speed and were killed off. Their souls are currently being
sent to Heaven as we spea-"

/"No no no no more please I can't! How am I supposed to move them around
and not kill anything inside?! Not to mention the planets that are
falling apart, the creations that are being destroyed. The sudden chaos
set by the random path of the universes floating around in space, then I
have to make sure everything inside each universe is going to the line,
this is too much!" /

In her care more than 60 thousand different universes had collapsed in
utter destruction and she and the angels were unable to do anything
about it. They had worn their almost infinite numbers across all the
universes trying to make as much as they can out of this situation but
no matter how careful they were mistakes always happened everywhere.

"T-the deities from Universe 356 wish to know what's going on, their
entire existence was devoured by an out of control black hole that
consumed-"

/"Please stop I just can't deal with this anymore!" /

Sayu flapped her wings in desperation. She had no more power than was
given to her and even with her status as an Archangel and temporary God
of Creation, who were supposed to hold second to power of Kami's, was
greatly lower than his. The fact that at some point she had thought her
power even remotely a fraction of what Kami's is, was now a laughable
thing in her mind.

/"We need to find him and let him know what's going on! I don't care if
he does 'fire me' we can't risk all of creation slowly falling apart
JUST because he wants to go and play in some game world!" /

Sayu had sent many angels as well to search in any of the universes that
Kami had created across time based around game worlds and so far,
nothing. They traveled left and right expending great amounts of power
traveling across the multiverse just to find him and it was slowly
wearing down the army of Heaven.

They had prevented many great catastrophes in the short absence of Kami
but at the same time many more had occurred. They had even stopped a
revolt by Lucifer trying to overthrow Heaven. Somehow, he had gotten
wind of the fact that Kami was no longer sitting in the throne and he
had decided to take over. There were other dark beings who had also
tried stepping into the gates of Heaven and they had been stopped just
as well.

Sayu turned around and walked out of the room ignoring the babbling angel.

/"I understand Kami a little more now. Having your own personal angel
following around telling you everything that's going wrong is just
annoying!" /

"S-stop telling me what's wrong for five seconds and tell me if we've
found anything on the Almighty!" yelled a frustrated Sayu.

Before Kami's absence she had never really experience any other emotion
other than her need to devote herself to the Creator and a sense of care
for creation that was more than likely placed there by Kami. Now
recently she has learned of frustration, fear, and annoyance. For the
first time in the millions of years she has been Kami's assistant, she
felt the need to find him, and hit him.

"T-there is something, maybe. There was a Universe where divine power of
the Almighty Creator was sensed momentarily. The sun for a planet nearby
had gone dim for a few seconds before returning to its normal state. We
believe it is possible that it was him. However, there are some other
minor Gods in that area that might the ability to do that as well."

"No other God has the same power of creation as the Almighty, I should
send you to h-" Sayu sighed as she continued.

"Who were these Gods?"

"W-we know of two that are mostly being used in that world. Goddess
Iatra and God of Calamity. They are some ascend beings that reach
Godhood and claimed rule over the planet."

"They're just deities? Don't call them Gods it's an insult to the
Creator. Weak little-"

She calmed herself as her wings waved around her furiously. Even though
she felt frustration towards Kami she still found herself needlessly
defending him. In all her lifetime with him Kami had always tried to
make her stop praising him but it was like it was built into her very
core. No matter how much she tried to listen to him when it came to it
she found herself praising and exalting him.

"Very well, I'll go and talk to Kami if he's there. I'll grovel on his
feet till he comes back if I have to. How long will it take for me to
reach the planet from here?"

The angel quickly wrote down on the tablet trying to make his
calculations before raising his head.

"In approximately 10 minutes mam!"

Sayu snapped her fingers and a door appeared on the side of one the
white walls in the hallways. She opened it and walked in only to find a
herself in a landscape of nothing but stars. She looked down and saw an
empty vast amount of space with nothing but the lights of the stars
around her. She snapped her fingers once more and the space around the
bottom of her feet in front of her began warping and twisting like a
portal.

She was about to travel into the Universe where Kami was suspected of
being and that on itself took a large amount of energy. It wasn't the
easiest thing for a normal being to travel from universe to
universe.Luckily Kami had created almost anything imaginable in Heaven.
Perhaps this is why he thought Heaven would do just fine keeping
Creation in balance. There was always something in Heaven to do
something about a problem. The problem was no one could perfectly
utilize what he made like he could.

"W-what do we do in the meantime while you're gone? Who will be in charge?"

Sayu twisted her expression as she looked at the angel.

"Let Michael know he's in charge. The other Archangels can take my place
for me for a small while. I hope I can convince him to come back."

In her mind somehow, she actually believed Kami would listen to her. He
might be having second thoughts about this now and she would use that to
get him to come back.

The angel nodded and took off in an instant to let Michael know of
Sayu's decision.

It was funny, so many wanted power over Heaven, to lead its path of
Creation as they saw fit. Kami held that title for an unknown amount of
time and gave it to Sayu for less than a month and she already wanted to
get rid of it. No matter what anyone says, no one out there is more
qualified to maintain Creation in balance other than Kami.

She spread her wings and dropped into the warped space making her way to
the land of Tyr.

