
"Hey you freaking genius of an idiot you did it!" exclaimed Hiromichi as
he grabbed Kami, lifted him and hugged him.

Kami felt like a small baby bear being cuddled by the giant momma bear.

"Haha, alright then down boy, the King agreed after some heated
discussion but at the same time we will have some uninvited guest coming
along with us. We have to report to the Adventurer's Guild and find some
adventurer who had gone along with Himari and the others and managed to
escape."

"What was that about Himari? She in some sort of trouble man?" asked
Hiromichi in a bit of a panic.

"Maybe, I can see her stats through my companion and she appears to be
fine, in fact, she seems to be leveling up in that dungeon. However, it
looks like there's something keeping them in there or something I can't
say for sure."

Kami and Hiromichi both started walking down the streets of Alzel. The
atmosphere was somewhat gloom and many people seemed almost drained of
their spirit.

"O-on a side note, what the hell is up with this dead land of a city?
Was it this crappy when we got here? Hells going on..." asked Hiromichi.

"No, I'm almost sure something happened while we were in jail. Actually,
I'm not quite sure anything was completely fine before we even got here.
There's probably something happening but let's focus on saving Himari
and the group first. What can you tell me about dungeons?" asked Kami as
they moved through the crowd.

"Tch, still an idiot. Well, dungeons are created when a large group of
different kinds of monsters gather together. All that energy creates a
dungeon. Inside a dungeon monsters can gain EXP just by being there and
at some point, one of them will evolve past the others and turn into a
Dungeon Boss"

"Ah, that sounds troublesome. We'll get there soon enough anyway and
when we do, we'll handle anything in our way."

"Easy for you to say. You're some freaking supernatural Hero of a freak.
I heard that the Hero of Tyr was supposed to be some crazy strong guy
but you're a bit above that pay grade. Never would have imagined he
would turn out to be some idiot with no knowledge what so ever, gets me
all pissed."

Kami chuckled as they made their way to the Guild. Soon, after a few
minutes' walk time, he found himself at the doorstep of the ever so
familiar Guild. He opened the door and walked inside along with
Hiromichi. The place inside was more dead than usual as Kami looked
around. The receptionists were standing behind the counter waiting as
usual but even they seemed a bit drained from the atmosphere.

He walked up to one of the receptionists and asked.

"We're supposed to be meeting some adventurer who would show us
information about a dungeon nearby."

The receptionist barely glanced at Kami before she raised her hand,
indicating that they should follow her.

Hiromichi leaned over and whispered in Kami's ear.

"This smells like some bull man, I don't like it."

Kami lifted his hand signaling to not make much of a hassle about it
before he followed the receptionist. Soon they reached the rest area and
in one of the chairs sat a familiar face. It was the girl he had healed
two weeks ago with his healing ability. She looked up at him and both
stared at each other with a dumbfound expression.

"You were the one who made it out of that dungeon without the group..."

"Ku, you're the one I have to show the dungeon too..."

Thief stood up and cleared her throat as she looked to her sides.

"I never...really said thank you for saving me the trouble of suffering
back then, but seriously you're one annoying guy!"

"Ha, holy crap Kami you sure have a way with the ladies, man. This is
hilarious everyone you meet thinks you're either an idiot or annoying!
How's that for charismatic?! Hwahaha!" laughed Hiromichi as he patted
Kami's back.

/Ch-charismatic? Oh that stat... no way that's why the people who get to
know me imagine I'm an idiot, right? /

"Why were you grouped up with them anyway?" asked Kami pushing his
thoughts about his Charisma to the back of his mind.

"I thought you would be there. Honestly, I saw them heading out and
imagine something along the lines of 'Hey this group was with this guy
so I'm going follow them and make some easy gold from them'. Turns out
they were getting into some deeper trouble than I saw." she commented
coldly.

"What happened at the dungeon?"

"Ku, I don't know! I kept telling them the same thing when I got back.
All I saw was your little friends go in and then they disappeared
inside. It's almost like they were teleported or something. I wasn't
going to go in there and risk dying just like that so I came back and
now they won't stop bugging me and trying to send me back, ku ku!"

"Hey Kami, don't you think it's a little suspicious that the King keeps
sending people to this dungeon and no one returns, look around you the
Guild is practically dead and from what I can see, they were all being
sent to this freaking dungeon." whispered Hiromichi

Kami waved his hands once more motioning Hiromichi to ignore it again.

"Tch, freaking kid" commented Hiromichi.

"Now what? I was told to wait here for two of you to get here. I
wouldn't mind a drink before we leave" Thief said in a demoralized tone.

Kami smiled as he lifted his hand.

"Yeah I think we should leave now, the faster we get this done the better."

A portal appeared in front of them as they stared at it. Hiromichi and
Thief looked at each other with a sense of fear before Kami walked into it.

"Dam this kid can't sit still for a second!" Hiromichi said as he walked
through the portal.

"Crap, crap this magic stuff always gives me the willies, I need some
alcohol" followed Thief as she made her way through the portal as well.

They found themselves well outside the city a distance away.

"Hey Kami were we not supposed to wait for some muscle head warrior from
the King?" grinned Hiromichi as he stood next to Kami staring at the city.

"Nah, we're not officially doing what the King wants us to do anyway. At
least, not what I think he wants us to do."

Thief wobbled around for a bit before she placed her hand on her mouth
and ran up to a bush.

"Freaking...magic.....gets me...sick.....kuuu..."

Kami looked back at Thief with a confused stared.

"Did you just get motion sickness from stepping through a portal?"

"S-shut up you... just... let's... blegh!"

Thief continued to hurl as Kami and Hiromichi stared at her.

"I... need... booze..." she said as she collapsed on the floor.

Kami and Hiromichi stared with a blank expression at her for a small while.

"Is it actually possible to be allergic to magic?" asked Kami.

"Tch, hell if I know, but if it is, that's just stupid" said Hiromichi
as he walked up to Thief.

He gently picked her up and placed her behind his back.

"Not a word of this shit to anyone you hear me kid?!" he yelled out at him.

Kami lifted his hands innocently as he smiled. It was funny seeing
Hiromichi like this. This whole time he acted like a hard man but turns
out over the past two weeks he's actually very gentle. He had not gone
into details about what made him become the kidnapper of entire villages
but he figured they would cross the point where this would become a
relevant topic in their friendship.

/Hmm....friendship? Come to think of it I never really ever called one
of my creations a 'friend' I mean, the closest I can think of that ever
came to being known as a friend would be- /

Suddenly there was a loud cracking noise from the sky like thunder. The
sky lit up with a bright intense light that covered the entire
landscape. Hiromichi covered his eyes from the blinding light as he kept
a steady grasp on Thief.

Kami however took a closer look unaffected by the light and saw what
looked like a meteor coming down from the sky at a distance. He knew
better though as he felt the familiar presence of the meteor as it
headed towards his direction. There was only one angel who would come
down from Heaven and try to talk him out of his journey.

/Crap, Sayu found me already. /

