
The meteor made a sudden sharp turn in front of Kami and Hiromichi as
the force blew Hiromochi back a few yards.

"H-holy shit what the hell is happening?!" yelled out Hiromichi.

Kami  sighed and snapped his fingers placing Hiromichi to sleep. His
snores  surprisingly were loud and clear to the ear despite the loud
entrance Sayu was making.

Th  bright light floated in front of Kami's face as it took shape. He
saw  to his surprise a fist flying to his face. He knew what that would
mean  if he took the full blow to the face as he swiftly opened his
*[Passives]* and re enabled his *[Omnipotent]*  ability just in time for
him to take the hit. He had very little time  to react as he teleported
Hiromichi and Thief away a safe distance.

It  wasn't as fast to take effect as he thought it would be so he was 
unable to brace himself for the impact and got thrown back. The force
of  the punch destroyed a large area as he flew back what was
potentially a  few yards before regaining composure. The area around
them was  completely blown away destroying all form of nature and signs
of life.  The force of the punch continued to echo throughout  the area
destroying everything on its path and finally reached the  walls of the
city. Part of the walls began cracking and suddenly it exploded bringing
down part of the wall with it. 

Kami  looked at the effects of the punch on the city. They were quite a 
distance away from the city so considering just the force had reached 
it, Sayu had put quite a bit of force behind that punch.

"S-shit Sayu what's gotten into you?" asked a surprised Kami.

"Y-you left me in charge of everything all JUST so you could play hooky
in a video game world I AM NOT-" she spoke in an angry tone as she
spread her wings and suddenly stopping herself.

She landed on the ground and immediately prostrated herself on the
ground. The tone of her voice changed immediately to one of a more
submissive nature.

"Merciful God, Creator of-"

"Please  spare me the worshiping, that was the first time I've seen you
get  like that I have to say it's a nice change, despite you trying to
hurt  me." Kami said as he adjusted his shirt once more.

Her punch had done nothing but he was nonetheless surprise to have taken
a punch from what was his personal assistant.

"What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be running Heaven right now?"
asked Kami as he walked up to Sayu who still had her head on the floor.

Her wings flapped intensively as she lifted her head and once again
sounded angry.

"You're telling ME I should be in HEAVEN?! You little brat! Do you-I...
Almighty please forgive my-"

/Agh  here we go again. Well it seems like she's at least being a
little  honest with herself I can tell she's angry with me but her need
to  devote herself to me is a little bothersome, really. /

Kami raised his hand as Sayu grew quiet.

"Well  I'm glad we can have this talk but I'm not going anywhere. I'm
having a  little too much fun here and I'm not exactly ready to go back."

Sayu looked at Kami with a horrified expression as she stuttered to speak.

"Y-you  can't stay here! Creation as we know it is falling apart. Just
while I  was in charge more than 60 thousand Universe fell apart and
countless  other once are on the verge of following. W-we need you back
in Heaven  to run everything back in order."

Kami tilted his head and yawned.

/She's  complaining about 60 thousand universes.//?//Please that's not
even a  reasonable fraction to complain about. The angels will get used
to  running Heaven on their own soon. I left everything in Heaven that
they  would need if this was to ever happen they HAVE to take care of 
themselves at some point. /

"Look Sayu as your ummm- 'Almighty Creator' don't you think I know what
I'm doing? You guys will be fine just run up to Heaven and- aah,
troublesome."

Kami looked at a distance as he noticed a group of horses coming out
from the city, slowly making their way towards them.

/Ah man I would usually just pause my games in this kind of scenario. Oh
wait, duh, I'm Omnipotent again. /

Kami raised his hands to his sides and everything began slowing  down to
a halt. The leaves that were floating down from the remainder  of the
dead trees stopped in the middle of the air. The clouds stayed in  place
in the sky and everything around them was suddenly frozen.

"Look Sayu just, go back to Heaven I promise I'll go back as soon as I'm
done."

She looked at him with a sad expression as her eyes became teary and
suddenly she let out a cry.

"I-  I don't want to go back and lead Heaven it's too much for me to
handle!  Please don't make me go back! Let Michael or someone else do it!"

Kami stared at Sayu with a blank expression.

/Was she always this childish? No, I don't remember that, she always had
a cooler mom-like demeanor to her. It could be she can't handle the
pressure  and just cracked under it. That's probably it, considering
I've never  put so much responsibility on an angel before. I've always
led the way and for the first time they're walking on their own. Ah my
poor children... /

Kami sighed and gave a gentle smile as he walked up to Sayu.

She continued to sob as she felt Kami's hand pat her back. She clinged
onto his shirt and looked up at him.

"C-can we just go back home?"

Maybe  he should go back. Not forever but just enough time to at least
teach  the angels how to walk on their own. How to run the whole system
of  Heaven without his help then he could just come back and unfreeze
all of  time in this universe like nothing had ever happened. Perhaps he
had  been a little too hasty in leaving all of creation in the hands of
the  angels; considering they could barely take care of themselves.
It's  funny, Kami always had a soft spot for his creations when they
called  out to him and needed his help. They wouldn't always receive it
like  they wanted but he would always give them something. Most
creations  thought he would just ignore and abandon them but he knew
better. Sayu was always witness to that as well.

Kami suddenly stopped and eyed her suspiciously.

"A-are you playing the pity card on me?!"

Sayu stopped crying and rubbed her eyes as she looked back at him with a
blank expression.

"You tend to take pity on your creations that cry out to you. I thought
this would be the most effective means to bring y-"

Sayu shrunk down as Kami's anger flared. 

He didn't like being played with and especially not tricked. Perhaps if
he had his *[Omniscient]* passive on he could have seen it coming but
not this time. 

"P-please, have mercy on me" begged Sayu.

Suddenly there was a relieve in his chest as his anger subsided and he
laughed. He laughed loudly as Sayu stared at him too scared to make
another move that would unleash his wrath on her.

"Alright, alright, you got me Sayu,  I'll give you this one. You don't
want to go back to Heaven you say?  Very well, you can stick with me on
my journey until I go home."

"H-huh?"

Kami snapped his fingers and there was a sudden burst of power that
surrounded Sayu.  Her power was leaving her as she felt herself grow
weaker and weaker.  Her divine glow left and her wings retracted into
her body. The process  was quick and soon she felt herself and realized
she was no longer  covered in *God's Divinity*.

"W-what's going on?"

"Well  here's the deal. You can go off on your own in this world and
carry out  the rest of your life. Or you can stick with me and finish
this little  adventure. Now if you try any more deceiving Papa Kami is
going to very  upset so no more of that, understood?"

Sayu stared horrified at herself as she realized all that grace and
power she had was stripped from her. She was no longer the powerful
Archangel God had made her. She was now some shadow of that.

Kami smiled happily as he helped Sayu up from the ground.

"I-I'm mortal?"

"Not exactly. You're a Level 1 Archangel. Congrats Sayu, welcome to the
game."

