
*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Sayu*

LVL:1

EXP: 0/50

Title: /Kami's Assistant /

Class: Archangel

HP: 250/250

Stamina: 250/250

Mana: 250/250

Strength: 250

Endurance: 250

Intelligence: 250

Dexterity: 250

Charisma: 250

Wisdom: 250

"You know what, your stats are actually not far of my own when I came to
this world. Guessing this universe tries to balance out higher classes.
Although I thought for sure Class was only unlocked at Level 5, confused
but it's irrelevant. Does that mean you stats compared to mine because
you have a Class unlocked already?" Kami spoke as he carried Hiromichi
once again like a sack of potatoes.

Sayu walked next to Kami silently carrying Thief.

She wasn't exactly thrilled to be here and she especially was not
excited about having all her powers stripped from her. Maybe in this
world her 'stats' were something impressive but compared to the power
she had before this, it was almost an insult.

"Y-you know, the other angels know where you are now. They'll flood in
if they don't see us go home soon."

Kami smiled at Sayu and boasted.

"I highly doubt that. I placed a wall in this universe now that you came
in. No one else from the outside will be making their way here. Even if
they somehow do, any of the angels who make it through will find
themselves at Level 1. This was probably something I should have done
from the beginning but I was so excited it must have slipped my mind."

Sayu sighed. She felt powerless in this situation. She had seen Kami
play games for millennia s and now she was one of his characters in this
real-life game. If she was going to take a part in this world of his,
she might as well do it right.

"I-I suppose maybe a break wouldn't hurt then, but you promise as soon
as we're done we can go back and I'll get all my powers back?" asked
Sayu looking back at him

"Even better, I'll make you the strongest Archangel out there. You
always stick by me so, you know, might as well give you a big promotion
when we're done." said Kami smiling at her.

Sayu's languishment lighten a bit at the thought of this. She felt
defeated but at the same time, determined to get this done as quickly as
possible.

"T-thank you benev-"

"Okay we have to set up some rules here, Number 1; No worshiping while
around others or in fact, no worshiping at all, please I beg of you.
Number 2; Nobody knows I'm you know, the 'Almighty Creator' so please
keep the urge to call me anything besides Kami to a minimum. I reserve
the right to add more rules by the way but that's the two important once
as of now."

Sayu tilted her head in confusion and panicked.

"I- I can't possibly do that it's a sin to even consider-"

Kami rolled his eyes as he lost himself in his thoughts again.

/How easy would it be for me to just mess with someone's free will and
prevent them from doing something? Could just reach in there and force
her to stop calling me stuff... Yeah that sounds really nice. No, come
on Kami I'm better than this. Maybe I should at least tell her I fixed
up Creation a bit before closing this Universe down. Nah, it's kind of
funny watching her not be my personal boot licker all the time. I enjoy
this much more aggressive Sayu. /

Kami snapped out of thought as he saw what he was looking . It was the
*Dungeon*.

It looked almost just like a normal cave, that is, if it was the size of
one. As they got closer he noticed the dungeons height increase. It was
almost like a menacing looming mountain.

"Guh... stupid...guy..." moaned Thief as she opened her eyes slightly.

"Ah that reminds me should probably wake Hiromichi up now that we're
here" Kami said as he placed Hiromichi on the ground and snapped his
fingers.

"W-what the...hell...dam" Hiromichi sat up rubbing his head and looking
around in confusion.

"D-did you just put me to sleep again dude? Dam man that's not cool what
the hell's the deal..."

Hiromichi stood up and stretched making a loud yawn noise. He looked
around before noticing Sayu.

"Wh-whoa who's the babe Kami?!"

Kami tilted his head. In didn't look like Hiromichi had any plans to ask
Kami about what had happened like he thought he would. Kami had this
whole thing planned out and was just going to play it out as some crazy
dream Hiromichi must have had. He shrugged and decided this was probably
better anyway.

"She's... a friend of mine, where I come from. She came all this way
looking for me and she'll be tagging along for a good while" commented
Kami.

"Dam the babes there must be smoking dude we have to head there when
we're done with this crap!" he said in an excited tone as he patted Kami.

Sayu took notice of this and dropped Thief as she exclaimed in anger.

"You dare touch the Creator in such a pointless manner you ape!"

Hiromichi backed off in a surprise manner as Kami's expression became
blank once again.

/Well that didn't last long. /

Thief hit the ground with a hard tud as she fully opened her eyes.

"O-ow! Did someone just drop me?!"

Thief sat up confused as she looked around her surrounding area as well
before setting her eyes on the commotion in front of her.

Sayu seemed to have lost control of herself a bit as she ran up to
Hiromichi and threw a punch at him.

Hiromichi was still surprised but he still managed to block her punch
with his hand. He held onto her fist as he grinned.

"Ouch, that's some punch you got there! Dam this girl is feisty! Kami
you sure know how to pick em. I like this one though!"

Sayu was shocked to see that her punch had little effect on him as she
backed off and looked over at Kami.

He simply held back his laughter as he shrugged at her and closed his eyes.

Thief stood up from the floor as she moaned and reached into one of her
pockets taking out a small flask. She opened it and chugged down from it.

"My emergency booze is running low guys I'm not all there, what's
happening here, ku?"

"Al-Kami this guy deserves to be punished for committing such a crime!"
demanded Sayu

"Wh-what did I do?! Is she talking about me kidnapping people?! Look I'm
past that now so can we get this shit on the road?!"

"Seriously, guy, you ever make me go through a portal again I will steal
every last bit of gold you have and shove the empty bottles of booze I
buy from it so far up your as-"

"Guys let's focus here a bit. We are at our destination. Can we stop
with the infighting and take a look over here?" Kami interrupted Thief
as he pointed out the fact that they were standing a few feet away from
the entrance of the *Dungeon*.

Everyone grew quiet as they looked at the *Dungeon*. Thief and Hiromichi
especially stared at it with awe but Sayu was simply confused as to why
they were here.

"Alright so we're about to head on in to some unknown territory, is
everyone prepared?" Kami smiled feeling his excitement rising.

"W-what no one told me I would be going in, ku! I need to at least be
drunk before you make me do this." Thief panicked

"Tch, come on little girl! You scared some big bad monster is gonna
shred you down?! Let me tell you something, when we get in this shit,
I'll be the big bad monster!" Hiromichi commented with a grin on his
face as he punched his fist against his hand.

"What exactly are we doing here Kami?" Sayu spoke in a gentler voice.

Her secretary demeanor was back as though nothing had happened so far.

/She's a bit of a loose nut now that I'm taking a closer look shesh. /

"Alright, alright everyone. We have a job to do as adventurer's, Thief,
just stick close and I promise you everything will be fine. You're an
Assassin from what I remember so a lot of your work will involve
sneaking around. Hiromichi, summon some of your creatures to take the
front line for us so we won't fall for any traps. From there, Hiromichi,
Sayu, and I will be taking care of the bigger threats while you Thief
eliminate anything that tries to get away or find anything useful we can
use. I'll also be providing any support back up when necessary so don't
hesitate to yell out if you need heals."

Everything stared silently at Kami before Hiromichi spoke up.

"Dam that's some pretty good planning there, here I thought you were
just a clueless idiot."

Thief nodded her head and followed up on that.

"I thought you were some brainless Hero who swung his sword around but
it looks like you're a bit smart, ku ku ku."

Sayu closed her hands into fists and angrily looked at Thief and Hiromichi.

"Insulting the Almighty in such a way is beyond a fool's errand. You two
would be happy to have even a quarter of his intellect in you!"

"Tch, what's with you girl?! You wanna go again?! I can take you, you
aint no legendary Hero like Kami there!" Hiromichi said as he lifted his
hands prepared to fight.

"Please, oh no, don't fight, ku ku" sarcastically said Thief grabbing
another flask and chugging it down.

Sayu and Hiromichi started going at it as Thief cheered from the side
lines.

Kami stared dumbfound at the group as he walked into the *Dungeon*.

/Forget them, I'll do it myself. /

