
Sayu looked around and found herself standing in the middle of the cave
with no signs of life around her. She blinked a few times confused as to
what had happened.

When she had seen Kami walking into the dungeon she had panicked and
followed short but suddenly found herself alone standing somewhere
completely different. She took a moment to think as to what was
happening. It was cut short when the ground began shaking and from it
emerged a multitude of hands.

They began making their way out from the ground as they stood in front
of her and slowly began pacing towards her. They had rotten flesh and
pale skin and hardly had the ability to move.

She quickly raised her hand as a sword in flames appeared. Sayu was
happy to learn that she was still capable of bringing forth her weapons
but she felt they had lost much of their divine power along with her
own. It appears that without God's Divinity her weapons had also been
weakened.

"What are these things supposed to be?" she questioned as she looked at
them.

She tried remembering all the games Kami had played since she had always
observed him and came to the conclusion that these were *[Zombies]*.

"I guess I really do have to do this..." she said bracing herself

Sayu ran up to one of the *Zombies* and swung down her sword.

The *Zombie* combusted into flames as it fell to the ground almost
instantly.

Sayu looked at the rest of the*Zombies* as they continued their
advancement without any signs of stopping.

"Stupid creatures of death..."

She raised her sword once more and swung it vertically in front of
herself. A slash of pure fire was released from the swords swing as it
headed towards the rest of the Zombies instantly setting them on fire.
Some of the Zombies were burned to ashes instantly while the others fell
to the floor without any signs of being able to move again as they
burned up.

*[EXP+78] *

Sayu saw a notification appear in front of her eyes and was startled.
She was still new to this whole concept of being in a game world. Any
knowledge she had from games were from watching Kami play them endlessly
throughout time. From the little she had learned from Kami while they
walked towards this *Dungeon*. She had become a Level 1 character and if
she wanted to take a look at her power she would have to think of
pulling up her stats.

The concept was easy considering much of what she did prior to losing
her power was all mind related. Part of Kami's power was Creation itself
and the power angels got from Kami; so much of their power came from
thinking of something and it happening. They were nowhere near the level
of Kami but if they wanted to move stars or the galaxies themselves they
could do it with thought. They were not perfect at it either considering
she had killed many people in the process but it was a work in progress
for many angels.

The only Archangel that had come close to mastering Kami's Creation
power was Lucifer and even then, he would have paled in comparison to
Kami considering he didn't have any of the other aspects of powers Kami
did.

"Oh? Is that a dame I see?Oui!" spoke a voice behind her.

Sayu turned around startled as she saw a group of people. She had not
noticed them approach while she had been lost in thought.

The man in front of her stood smiling with a seductive stare before his
face turned to astonishment. He had light blue eyes and dark blond hair
that was about shoulder's length. He also had small bun of hair on the
back of his head. His hair looked almost soft and delicate to the touch.
His features were quite chiseled to say the least. He was somewhat tall
and had a fit-slim body type as he held a bow in his hands.

The man regained composure and smiled as he gently groomed his stubble
beard.

"Did I leave ze Madame speechless? I cannot blame, I am quite the
looker. Thou I must say, you are the most exquisite dame I have ever
seen." he spoke once more with confidence eyeing Sayu.

Sayu was unaffected by any of this man's compliments and simply stared
at them with her sword ready just in case they tried to make any moves.

"Belle femme, please lower your weapon, we are ze personal guards of the
Royal Prince Masfrit. I am Sebastien Vautour, at your service!" he said
giving a light bow.

Sayu relaxed a bit but still kept her sword out in case this man tried
anything funny.

"Perhaps you would like to join us back at our camp jeune beaut? We have
found others who also found themselves lost in this trou de l'enfer of a
*Dungeon*!"

She immediately perked up and lowered her weapon entirely. It is very
likely that this man was talking about Kami or one of the others.

"Yes, that sounds fine by me." Sayu spoke still a bit cautious but a lot
more willing.

"Oui! Boys! We have a guest with us! Behave and make a good impression
for moi!" Sebastien smiled once more at Sayu as if to show his authority
over the rest of the men.

The rest of the guards responded with a clank of their armor and formed
up in line.

"Come, come! We shall head back at once!"

"B-but sir we were sent by the prince to look for a way out,s-should w-"

Sebastien lifted his hand at the guard and placed his other free hand on
his chest in a dramatic fashion.

"No,no,no! My dear friend! The young Madame here takes priority. She
must be protected and kept safe! Now, allez, c'est parti!"

He took a quick look at Sayu and approached her almost getting a little
too uncomfortably close to her.

"Pardon, but what was ce delightful name of yours?"

Sayu felt that although this man did not possess a threat as an enemy
that he was still a bit weird. She had seen things like these while
observing Creation and came to the conclusion that he was attempting to,
as they say, 'flirt with her'.

"Sayu, can we move on now?" she said as she walked past him.

Sebastien let out a whistle and followed after her.

"I must say I have never seen a... beauty such as yourself. May I ask
why some like you is here Madame Sayu?"

Sayu gave a heavy sigh as she responded to the man's question.

"I am here with someone. I simply wish to find them as soon as possible."

Sebastien face turned into a worried expression as he replied in a hurt
tone.

"Oh? Some other monsieur perhaps? You break my heart madame. Here I
thought you and I could know each other some more, oui?"

Sayu felt chills for the first time in her life. She had seen the result
of male species attempting to seduce females and she had thought the
whole thing was a bit disgusting. She never did understand the whole
process of lusting over each other's bodies or even a purer example of
that being love. She felt loved when in came to Kami or even returned
that mutual feeling but this was a more mortal way of looking at things.
At the same time though she imagined this form of love she had was that
of a child and a parent with Kami. This is probably why she had over
reacted when it came to finding Kami, considering she felt like she had
been abandoned after all this time. Not to mention leaving Creation as
well felt like he was saying 'I don't care anymore' which stung her to
think he would feel that way.

"Madame, 'Ello? Madame Sayu are you still with moi?" Sebastien asked
curiously getting awfully close to her once more.

Sebastien was entranced by this woman. He had never in his life seen one
such as this. Her beauty was indescribable to him. Her glow and demeanor
in general radiated strength and confidence. Her looks were on par with
any Goddess he could imagine existing out there. Had she told him that
she was one sent to save them he would have believed it and immediately
dropped to his knees. However, this was better for him, he felt that
this woman being mortal meant she was a form of conquest.

He was particularly curious about her clothing. It was strange but
seemed to really bring out her aspects. It was all white clothing and
the material was strange, something foreign he had never seen. The
design to it was also strange but she gave the feel of someone high and
important. However, he recognizes the types of shoes as they were heels.
He knew only royalty or nobles could afford such luxury which is why he
was so curious as to why someone like her would be here.

"S-sir, we have a problem!" one of the guards yelled out.

From the side of the wall there was a passage that was dark and had no
light coming through it. A hissing could be heard as a large snake tail
uncoiled itself.

The guards took their weapons out as a pair of two glowing green
menacing eyes pierced through the darkness and slowly made its way out
of it. As it did, the top of the body looked human. It was a woman's
body but it had some snake characteristics.

For starter, her eyes were slanted like one and she had black scales on
her hands that almost looked like she was wearing long dark gloves. Her
tongue which she seemed to be hissing with frequently was long and split
at the end. The rest of her human body was smooth and she was almost
unearthly attractive.

However, the guards once more raised their guard when the rest of her
body slid out revealing a long dark snake body. She was large and easily
looked over the rest of the group with ease.

"I-it's a *NAGA*!" yelled out one of the guards as he was swung into the
wall instantly by the tail of the monster.

The rest of the guards spread across the area to make sure they wouldn't
easily be the next target of the monster.

The Naga let out a horrid screech before looking back at the man.

Sebastien for the first time had a serious expression as he looked over
at Sayu.

"Excuse Madame but our date will have to wait!"

As he said this he headed into the combat area leaving Sayu standing
there watching the fight unfold.

