
"He's in there then?"

A girl stood in front of the *Dungeon* next a masked man. She looked up
and down the walls that made this mountain-like landscape, investigating
to see if it was working properly.

"It is like you say. I had the King summon him and sent him to this
*Dungeon* like the rest of the adventurers before him. Pardon me to ask,
but did the God of Calamity truly sent you?"

The girl looked back at the masked man with two piercing crimson eyes.
Although his face was covered with the mask you could tell he shrugged
down in fear from being looked at in such manner.

"Not exactly, this is a favor to Hexalus. I would have sent someone else
to handle this situation but this Kami guy...I never heard of him
before. I know all the Heroes in history and he is not going to be one
of them. Therefore, who is he really?" the girl pondered.

The masked man looked anxiously at the girl as she continued her train
of thought.

"I'm not quite sure what you mean" replied the masked man.

"Forget it. Just return to the city and stop sending adventurers into
this *Dungeon*. We should have enough adventurers from this branch of
Tyr for a good while. Generous of Yotsune to have sent one of his
minions into the capital city of the Ducuria Kingdom to test out my
plans. You figure he would have taken my advice against letting Hexalus
attack even though he knew he was going to fail. It should have been the
Hero of Tyr to have stopped the attack... it was supposed to be... 10
days from now ... things are moving too fast, something is different."

Again, the girl lost herself in thought.

The masked man bowed and stared at her. She was a strange one in his
book. When she had joined centuries ago as the only mortal in God of
Calamity's army he had thought how insane it was to allow someone like
that to join. More so, he felt she was probably weak and pathetic but
after seeing her in action for so long he held a new form of respect for
her and more so even feared if she ever decided to turn her strength on
him.

She wasn't the most predictable person. Even within the ranks of their
own group she sometimes turned on them and did stuff that would
potentially weaken their armies. Times like that he wondered why the God
of Calamity had not just killed her off but there must be something
going on there because she would always get a free pass to do as she
wishes.

Being a General for the main army of monsters for the God of Calamity,
the masked man was a powerful being. His power laid in his ability to
manipulate others with his words. When he said something, many would be
enticed to do as he says. Only those with stronger power could even
attempt to resist his commands.

This is why he had been sent two weeks prior to the attack plotted by
Hexalus; to place himself in power next to the King and send adventurers
to these Dungeons. Then, Hexalus attack would have devastated the
Kingdom enough to drop suspicion from many of their adventurer's going
missing. This was the plan all along, however when that Hero Kami had
showed up not only had he stopped much of the devastation they had
planned for the Kingdom, he had saved many people in the process.

Therefore, their plans now had to be slightly altered. They would
continue to send adventurers into the *Dungeon* but they had to turn the
people of the Kingdom against Kami first.

It was an easy task for him, a man who could manipulate people with
words. Simply pointing out that it had been due to his fault that the
Kingdom had been devastated so badly when he swung his sword down on
that dragon was enough. They would have turned on him if he had said so
anyway, but it is always best to put a cause into his power. It works
better and lasts longer if he does so. The King had sent for Kami's
arrest and people over the process of two weeks turned from fanatics to
a hateful mob against Kami.

Now if he was sent here and never came back, no one would even bat an
eye. What he had not expected was for her to show up.

"Do you believe the *Dungeon* we set up will not be enough to take him
down? I assure you we-"

"If I remember correctly a dragon that was a minion of the Yotsune was
instantly destroyed by this Kami guy, right? There's no way your little
*Boss Dungeon* will stand up to him. Let me handle it, besides I want to
know who this guy is."

He frowned underneath the mask but remained quiet.

What could possibly be so special about this Kami guy? From what he
could tell he was just a stronger than average Hero, perhaps the Hero of
Tyr was a suitable title for him. However, she had never expressed any
worries about even that level of Hero so why such a fascination with
this one?

She stretched and let out a small yawn before smiling. Her hands reached
up to her shoulders as she embraced herself. There was a low gently
giggled coming from her mouth like she was amused about something.

"It would be wonderful if he was finally the one I'm looking for. I've
looked countless times but there was never someone like that spawning no
matter how much I change things, just thinking about it brings shivers
down my spine."

The masked man shuddered as he slowly backed off and a portal appeared
behind him.

"Very well, I shall take my leave back to the capital. I must ensure the
King is not released from my power's grasp."

"One more thing, if you tell Yotsune I'm here before I go back I will
find you and burn you down, okay?" she said smiling sweetly at him.

"Y-yes of course. My lips are sealed till then"

With that the masked man disappeared behind the portal as she turned her
attention back to the *Dungeon*.

Her expression returned to normal as she made her way inside instantly
being teleported to another part of the *Dungeon*. She had many
questions for the first time and her plans seemed to become questionable
with the existence of this new Hero Kami. She knew many things and
because of that was hardly ever caught off guard. For the first time in
what was forever she did not know what to expect.

"I'm excited to find out what you're capable of unknown Hero Kami."

