
Kami and Thief

"So, seriously what's up with your *Luck* stat?"

"Eh? Are we on this again Hero-guy?"

Thief and Kami walked idly through the cave as they made short
conversation. They had been teleported here with no signs of any other
life. Not any adventurer's or monsters anywhere in sight what so ever so
they found themselves talking to each other this whole time.

"I'm just curious, is it something you can get through a *Class* change
or is it some random quest reward..." asked Kami as he stared at Thief
intently.

"Ku ku ku, it's not that simple! I was born with this, getting a *Luck
*stat is only something you can achieve at birth!" Thief boasted as she
closed her eyes and held her head high.

"That's inconvenient..." Kami sighed deeply.

He had wanted to get a *Luck* stat ever since he saw this girl with one
and was now upset at the fact that it probably wasn't going to be
something he could achieve through grinding some event or changing his
*Class*.

"Ku! Cheer up Hero-guy! Aren't you like, blessed with some God's
blessing or something? I'm sure that's worth something." Thief said as
she grinned at him in a mocking tone.

"Ah, well I suppose. You can call me Kami by the way, what's with this
'Hero-guy' business? Don't you have an actual name by the way, besides
Thief?"

She looked at him with a disgusted face before answering with an annoyed
voice.

"I don't have to tell you my name! It's Thief for you and everyone else
so don't look too much into it."

"Oh? Did I strike a nerve? Well it's whatever to me anyway. Could you
not have picked an actual name though? People could easily tell Thief is
more than likely an alias than a real name." replied Kami smiling at her.

"Ku, says the guy with the name 'Kami' what's that about? No last name
and that just sounds stupid. Clearly, you're lying and hiding it with
the same skill I use so don't judge what I pick to use as mine, ku."

"But mine's isn't an alias it's actually my name..."

Thief sneered before letting out a loud laugh.

Kami stared at her in confusion before she settled down and started
eyeing the ground in front of her.

"A-anyway I've been meaning to ask about what you used to heal me.
That's a little handy skill you got there any chance that's something
you would care to try and teach, ku ku!"

"What do you me-oh. You're talking about when I healed you back then. I
just healed you it wasn't a big deal." Kami shrugged once more as if to
indicate that there was nothing special about what he had done.

"Ku, fine don't tell me jerk. It'll be handy having you around anyway
since that means I can freely use my*Arms* now." Thief grinned at the
thought of this.

"Having me around? You were planning to stick around?"

Thief looked at Kami with dubious eyes as she continued to grinned.

"That's right! Don't you think about trying to get rid of me either I
can follow you around without you noticing, ku ku! Don't worry about
that, think of all the gold we can make together I'll split it with you
and your followers, 60 percent me and 40 percent you, no! 70 percent me
30 percent you, nyah!!!"

Kami sighed once again as he ignored Thief who was having her own form
of celebration on the sides. He looked around wondering where they were
headed. When he had made his way inside he had been teleported and soon
after that Thief had appeared next to him as well.

It would appear the Dungeon separated people coming in and the ones who
did got lost. Once lost, many were incapable of finding their way out
which would explain why Himari and the others were here for the past 2
weeks.

/Wait she said something about Arms, what's an Arms? /

Thief continued with her excited chant as she moved ahead of Kami.

"Hey you should be careful, without anyone taking the front for us there
could be traps we don't know about."

"Ku! Relax Hero-guy. What kind of-"

As she spoke the ground underneath her began rumbling before it
collapsed revealing a bottomless pit.

Thief began falling as she looked at Kami with a fearful expression.

Kami however was ahead of the curve and had instantly jumped towards
Thief as he slid on the ground and barely managed to grab onto Thief's
hand.

"T-that was inconvenient to say the least, what were you saying by the
way?" Kami grinned as he looked down at Thief who was dangling from the
side.

"J-just pull me up you, this is no time for your snarkiness!" Thief
yelled out as she panicked and began swinging herself around.

Kami chuckled and with great ease pulled her up from the side of the pit.

Thief laid on the ground for a few seconds staring at the ceiling of the
*Dungeon* before Kami walked up to her and looked down at her, still
grinning.

"So, as it turns out your *Luck* stat works great. If I wasn't here you
would be dead."

"Ku, don't mock me, if it wasn't for you I wouldn't be here" she said as
she sat up and once more eyed the ground around her.

"T-thanks... Kami..."

Kami's grinned changed to a simple smile as he realized why she eyed the
ground so much. She would avoid eye contact with someone when she wanted
to say or ask something that she found embarrassing. He offered his hand
as she looked up at him and grabbed onto it.

"I-I'll be careful next time..." she said sincerely.

Kami nodded his head as he lifted his hand in an upward motion. The
ground that had collapsed that was preventing them from advancing
suddenly began regenerating and was soon completely back to normal like
nothing had happened.

"Nyah! W-what kind of Hero are you? I thought you were some sword
wielder who could use healing l-like a templar or-" asked Thief as she
stared at Kami curiously.

"Is it that weird to see someone who wields a sword also use skills like
this?"

Thief nodded her head and looked down at the ground once more.

"It's not impossible but most people who specialize in certain things
don't generally pick up other skills outside their *Class*. For example,
I'm a dual wielder Assassin, so most of my skills revolve around that.
Sword wielders don't generally go out of their way to learn magic like
you do, ku."

Kami nodded his head in agreement.

It would make sense that what he was doing was a bit odd. Even in most
games having a character that could specialize in multiple types of
abilities in different tree lines was a bit strange. Most basic RPGs set
characters on what they are good at, healing, offensive, tanking, etc.
Having a character that can do it all would be a rare breed indeed.

"Don't look too much into it let's just move on and find everyone so we
can get out." Kami said as he lost himself in thought

Thief nodded her head and stared at him, hoping he would make a move first.

"Actually, this is a good time to test some things out...*Witch Doll*!"

A glyph radiated in front of Kami just like Himari when she had used
this skill. However, this was a bit different; the amount of energy
exuding from the glyph was stronger and wilder, so much so Thief had to
cover her eyes as the current of air violent blew around them.

From the ground a small little doll similar to Himari's appeared and
pulled itself out. It was the same stature as hers however there was
some distinctions. The doll had no staff to begin with and instead had
aqua light eyes similar to those of Kami's. It also shared the same
brown-red styled hair that Kami did.Its clothing was also different from
Himari's, almost like a mini version of what Kami was wearing. It had an
aura of light around it as it looked around with its beady little eyes
before turning around and looking back at Kami.

The little Witch Doll waddled up to Kami as Thief suddenly raised her
hands in a defensive motion. It however took no notice of her and simply
made its way towards Kami as it stopped in front of him and bowed.

"What exactly is this ability..."

Kami decided at this point to just check out exactly what it was. He was
curious about the appearance compared to Himari's.

*[Witch Doll] *

A summon able companion created from once own essence. The Witch Dolls
abilities and powers vary from user and will act accordingly to its
owner instructions and fighting style.

/Well I suppose the fact that it was created from my own being explains
why it looks a bit like me. It also explains why this power it releases
feels familiar... it's feels almost like a little version of me, ha
that's exciting. Not much of an explanation further than that though
kind of wish there was a bit more information on this skill. Also, why
does this look awfully like me but Himari's looks quite a bit different
than her...questions... /

The *Witch Doll* stared at Kami as it adjusted his small little white
shirt as Kami often does.

Kami smiled at it and looked further into the dungeon.

"Nyah! This little thing is kinda cute! Too bad it looks an awful lot
like you, ku ku!" Thief said reaching out to grab it.

Kami tilted his head in confusion and looked at Thief before she
realized what she had said.

"I-I'm not saying it's cute because it looks like you d-didn't you hear
me! Can we just go, ku!" Thief said in a frantic tone as she looked
around the ground stopping herself from grabbing onto the Witch Doll.

"Very well, onward, I'll test Hiromichi's ability to Capture monsters
next!" Kami said in an excited tone as he pointed forward into the dungeon.

The little *Witch Doll* turned around and lifted its little stubby arm
in the same fashion Kami did so they would be striking the same pose.

Thief sighed for the first time as her uneasiness about being trapped
with Kami grew.

