
Sebastien  rolled across the floor dodging the attack from the Naga. It
was a  swipe attack that threw out a force that would seemingly shred
anyone  that comes in contact with.

The  attack instead hit the edge of the walls causing a small explosion 
behind him. He drew on his bow and aimed it at the Naga. The arrow
began  glowing as he shouted out.

"*Arrow Pierce*!"

A  swift glowing arrow making a loud popping noise was released from
his  bow as it hit the Naga's underbelly and bounced of it but not
before  giving it a small cut. 

The Naga screeched as it looked directly at Sebastien ready to strike
him down.

"Quick protect the Captain. Build a wall and don't let it past you!"
yelled out one of the warriors.

The group of scattered guards nodded their heads and re-formed into a
line that served as a wall against the Naga. 

However,  this was trivial to the Naga as it pushed itself through the
ground at  fast speeds and easily tackled its way past all the guards.

The guards let out a yell as they were flung against the walls like they
were simple toys with ease.

Sebastien  saw that the Naga was closing in and knew he had moments to
dodge. Even  so, now that there was no one to front line for him, the
Naga would mercilessly attack him until it wore him down and finally,
kill him off.

Still,  he decided it was better than to stay standing and wait for his
inevitable death. He timed the approach of the Naga as he barely
managed  to roll to the side of it, missing the swing from the monster's
hand. However, he had underestimated the versatility of the creature as
it swung its tail at him mid dodge. He saw it coming  for a split second
as he managed to place his arms in front of himself  to minimize the
damage he would receive. The tail struck him and  instantly sent him
flying back as the full force of the blow left him breathless.

Sebastien coughed letting out some of his blood as he rolled across the
ground  and managed to land on one of his knees. The blow was brutal to
say the least as his vision slightly became blurry from the attack. He 
looked over his shoulder at the expressionless Sayu who stood behind him
only a few feet away and smirked.

"Pardon... Madame Sayu that you would have to see moi in such a sorry
state. Do not fret though, I shall protect you with my life if I must."

Even in the face of this monster he still found himself trying to be
the  dashing man who the fragile woman looked to in the tough
situations. He  would not back down now.

He eyed the Naga who stared at him silently from a distance as if daring
him to make the next move. 

Sebastien did not assume the creature was going to be this strong. He
had faced other Nagas  in his expeditions before and it was something he
and the rest of his squadron had been able to handle. This one was
different though, much stronger than he had anticipated. He activated
his *[Data]* skill to take a close look at what he was truly dealing
with here.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Naga *

LVL: 29

EXP: 24/16000

Title: /Beast /

Class: Monster/ Dungeon Boss

HP: 653/658

Stamina: 735/750

Mana: 509/509

Strength: 624

Endurance: 562

Intelligence: 489

Dexterity: 771

Charisma: 493

Wisdom: 482

Sebastien frowned as he looked at the stats of the monster. It was a
Dungeon Boss *Class* monster. If he remembered correctly, monsters that
were Dungeon Boss had their own stats increased by an  almost 40 percent
margin when fighting within their allocated Dungeon.  This would explain
the large stats for a simple Level 29 monster. Had it been a normal
Level 29 monster he would have been  able to fight it on equal footing
perhaps along with his guards and  through some effort, would have taken
it down. Seeing though the large gap of power compared to his own he
realized it was pointless.

He gave a small chuckle as if defeated by the beast before once again
looking at Sayu.

"Appears  I have underestimated ze beast my fair dame. May I suggest you
make a  hasty retreat while I hold ze beast back for a few."

He took a quick look at his stats to see how many hits exactly he would
be able to handle before succumbing to defeat.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Sebastien Vautour *

LVL: 21

EXP: 8592/16000

Title: /Dashing Heart Piercer /

Class: Archer

HP:146/231

Stamina: 281/301

Mana:215/215

Strength: 234

Endurance:230

Intelligence: 211

Dexterity: 312

Charisma: 298

Wisdom: 213

He  smiled weakly as he stared at the damage. He had only taken a
strike  from the tale of the monster and he had lost that much damage.
Sebastien  imagined if the monster was to strike him with a skill like
the one it  had tried to use earlier, he would instantly drop dead.
Furthermore, he  had only done 5 damage to it with his Skill*[Arrow
Pierce]* which was not  even strong enough to penetrate the hide of the
beast with a much higher Endurance than his own Dexterity.

"Go, now, !" he yelled out once more as he picked himself up and ran up
to the Naga.

The Naga reacted to his movements as it raised its  body upward. It
lifted its arms once and began swinging them towards  the direction
Sebastien was running as multiple puddle of purple-poison  were thrown
at him.

Sebastien tried dodging and predicting where they would land and
successfully  managed to avoid being hit by its attacks. He dropped to
one knee as he  pulled back on his bow once more. This time he aimed
slightly above the  Naga's head before shouting,

"*Endless Arrow Hail*!"

He released the arrow as it quickly made its way into the air. Once it
was right on top of the Naga the arrow glowed bright once more and split
into a barrage of arrows that began raining down on the Naga.

One arrow had little effect on the Naga but collectively they were
dealing a small amount of damage.

It didn't take long for it to rush out of the storm of arrows before it
made its way towards him once more.

"This all you can do you monster. Rush and attack? Pathetic, no?" he
raised his bow once again this time pulling back his bow on three of his
arrows.

He would have to try to go all-out to try to attain any form of damage
on it. Now that he knew of the beast's  true power he believed his first
moved should be to try to slow it down and barrage it with his arrows to
keep it at a distance. As soon as  it got within a certain range again
Sebastien would pay the price so he  had to play around a certain area.

"*Vengeance Strike*!" he shouted as he jumped back into the air. 

The  force of the arrows gave him some distance from the beast and at
the  same time when they made impact with the Naga they created an
explosion  which blocked the vision of the beast.    

Sebastien landed on his feet a good distance away from it and once again
aimed at the ceiling.

"*Endless Arrow Hail*!"

The same happened once more as the arrow made its way towards the
ceiling and as soon as it was above the Naga split into another storm of
arrows.

The  Naga was clearly upset at being toyed with like this as it let out
a  loud screech that created a sound wave. The arrows that were raining
down on it were instantly cleared and Sebastien covered his face from
the  force it was emitting.

The  beast reacted quickly as its body gave a distinct glow. As soon as
it  began moving Sebastien noticed it had gotten much faster. 

He  realized it must have used a skill to speed itself up so it would
be  able to close the gap between them before he could react. He
instantly raised his  bow once more and aimed at the incoming Naga.

"Dgage! *Rapid Fire*! "

This  time he simply pulled back on the bow as single consecutive shots
of arrows shot from his bow automatically. The arrows became enlarged
in  energy and the impact against the Naga created a loud 'boom' noise.
He continued to hold his position as the arrows continued to emerged
from his bow and launch themselves towards it.

The Naga seemed like it was being slightly affect by the arrows and
began to slow down little by little.

Sebastien forehead began dripping sweat as he continued to stand in
place. This skill was the strongest he had available. It maximized the
damage of his arrows as it continued to hit the enemy with the strongest
possible hits he could afford. However, it had a downfall as it would
mean he could not move while he channeled his energy into it and at the
same time would drain him of his stamina quite quickly if over used.

Although  the Naga seemed to slow down from his skill it wasn't enough
as it made its way towards him and eventually the large monster towered
over him like an impending doom.

Sebastien looked up at the beast as it raised its claws at him and
smiled weakly.

"This is it for moi..."

Suddenly a wave of fire striked the Naga as it was thrown back by the
impact. It hit ground with a hard thud as it quickly lifted itself up
and looked around as if to see what had caught it by surprise.

Sebastien expression changed to that of a surprised one as he looked
towards the direction in which the attack had come from and there he saw
Sayu standing while holding what looked like a sword in flames.

"I wasn't quite sure how to level up. It would seem I have to do it 
manually, bothersome design. Stay back and let me take care of this 
small creation. I was design for more than just office work after all."
Sayu said as she stepped up in front of Sebastien.

He looked at her in awe before activating his [*Data]* skill once more
to check exactly who this girl was that could throw an attack like that
and force a monster of that level back.

*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Sayu *

LVL: 2

EXP: 28/150

Title: Kami's Assistant

Class: Archangel

HP: 450/450

Stamina: 450/450

Mana: 450/450

Strength: 450

Endurance: 450

Intelligence: 450

Dexterity: 450

Charisma: 450

Wisdom: 450

He had to check a few times before he realized what was written  in
front of him. Not only was she stronger than him in every way but  she
was only a Level 2. There's no way he could accept that as truth and 
shook his head shrugging it off as this girl clearly using *[False
Data]* to hide her true power.

Sayu  raised her sword as she gently moved her free hand from one end of
it  to the other. The flames seemed to have intensified as though she
had  augmented its power and the weapon seemed almost blinding now from
the  light the flames were releasing.

Even so he worried. Sayu's stats were definitely better than his but
compared to the Nagas  they were still lower. She could do more
significant damage to it  considering the Endurance for the Naga was
lower than its strongest stat  but even so she would have to be careful
not to get hit herself.

"M-madame Sa-"

"Quiet, all that's important right now is that I find who I'm looking
for so I can get back home as quickly as possible. If you die here and
you know  where he is then it will just make it longer."

With those last words Sayu raised her sword and ran towards the Naga. 

The Naga recognizing Sayu as the new threat changed its attention
towards her.

Sayu  was slower than the Naga for sure as it easily saw her coming. The
bow attacks were landing because the Naga was not paying attention to
the  attacks as much as the attacker but Sayu was different. She was a
melee fighter which made it much easier for the Naga to see her attacks
coming.

At least this is how Sayu  expected the Naga to think. When she got
close enough to Naga she swung down on her sword releasing a large wave
of fire that caught it by surprised. It had expected her to come closer
and try to attack with her weapon but this was not what it had seen
coming. 

The flames rushed at the Naga as it made an impact. It began screeching
in pain as it covered its body in a tornado of fire. Sayu lowered her
sword and raised her hand at the Naga before yelling out.

"Be cleansed and forgiven for your sins beast, *Holy Fire*!"

The  flames that were covering the Naga suddenly intensified and once
again  soon became too bright for Sebastien to see directly as he closed
his  eyes. All he could hear was the Naga's screech intensify and just
as quickly die out. Once he felt the the light was no longer going to
burn through his eye sight he opened them and looked at where the Naga
stood.

In its place was now just the ashes of the monster with a few flames
still persisting over the area. 

Sayu turned and looked at him with a cold expression before speaking.

"Can we finally move along now?"

