
Himari lifted her staff along with the Witch Doll and chanted out loud.

"*Fire Strike!*"

A strike of fireballs headed towards the Ghoul in front of her from both
Himari's and the Witch Dolls cast barraging it with a set of fiery
explosions.

Himari began panting heavily from the constant casting of skills. She
had been pulling the Ghoul around for quite some time now but it seemed
to be taking little to no damage from her skills. She felt it was lucky
that the Ghoul was mostly just following her around than actually
attempting to attack her. Himari had tried to lose it by flying away but
as soon as she got far away the Ghoul would start moving faster and
almost instantly catch up to her. Once it did catch up it would once
again start moving ever so slowly.

She thought it was a bit creepy and had decided it would be best if she
tried to run from it but she felt like this was going nowhere. It had
been nearly an hour since she had tried to take this Ghoul down but here
it was, standing in front of her, unaffected by anything she was
throwing at it.

The Ghoul emerge from the smoke and slowly made its way towards Himari
once again.

"T-this thing is creepy and won't stop following us Chibiaru, any ideas
how to escape?"

The Witch Doll looked back at her and shrugged its tiny shoulders as if
to indicate it didn't know what to do either.

"Maybe if we can freeze it... okay then!"

Himari lifted her staff once more and shouted out.

"*Ice!*"

A block of Ice suddenly appeared in front of the Ghoul and smacked
itself against it. The Witch Doll followed up on the cast and used the
same *[Ice]* skill as Himari.

"Keep it up Chibiaru!"

Himari continuously casted *[Ice]* as the atmosphere around them became
colder with each cast. It only took a few seconds but the Ghoul became
covered by a layer of ice and soon slowed to a halt.

Himari dropped to the floor catching her breath as the Witch Doll
waddled up to her and placed its stubby arm on hers checking if she was
alright.

"W-we did it. We can't kill it but we can make sure it won't follow us
anymore."

At times like this she really wished Kami was here so he would at least
be able to tell her exactly how strong this creature was supposed to be.
She had aimlessly been fighting all sorts of monsters this whole time
without being aware as to how strong they really are or not.

"I-if he was here it wouldn't matter, he would have just killed it
instantly"

She continued to sit on the ground for a while as she silently activated
her*[ManaGen]* skill. The Witch Doll did the same which only doubled the
effect of her Mana Regeneration.

Suddenly the ice layer that was covering the Ghoul began to crack.
Himari immediately took notice and stared as the ice continued to break.

It was almost too quick as the layer of ice completely was broken and
the Ghoul rushed up to her.

She was surprised by the sudden speed change in the Ghoul and realized
she had a small window of time to move herself from the line of attack.
Himari activated*[Fly]* almost instinctively as she levitated onto the
air just in time for the Ghoul to rush past her.

The Ghoul continued to run past her until it crashed into the wall and
fell backwards.

"It broke free so fast... I don't think we have enough time to get away..."

Himari stared as the Ghoul twisted around in the ground until it finally
stood up and looked up at Himari floating in the air.

The Ghoul let out a groan as it jumped into the air.

Himari was caught off guard since she didn't think it would be able to
reach her. The Ghoul grabbed onto her and pulled her down with its
strong grip.

"Hyaaa!!"

She was tossed into the ground with a heavy thud having the breath
knocked out of her body. She was a bit dazed from what just happened as
she sat up as quickly as possible only to find the Ghoul looming over her.

Himari stared at the Ghoul in fear while it continued to stare down at
her like a predator admiring its catch.

Himari was confused as to what had happened. The Ghoul suddenly got
faster than it was and became more aggressive in its attack pattern.
This had been her mistake and had allowed her guard down, thinking the
Ghoul was a simple mindless creature following her around and forgetting
it was actually a monster trying to kill her.

She began levitating to try and get away from the Ghoul but it grabbed
her leg before she could get far.

"L-let me go you-"

Before she could finish the Ghoul slammed her back into the ground with
ease and once again had the air knocked out of her. This time though,
the pain was much greater as she felt a hot stinging fire-like sensation
covering her body. Her vision grew blurry again but not before the Ghoul
lifted its arms and slammed them against her chest.

This time she coughed up blood as her body refused to take any air in
once more from the force of the Ghoul's attack. The overall pain was too
much for her to handle as she closed her eyes and remained motionless.

She was still conscious to some extent but was incapable of moving or
reacting to the pain she was feeling. All she could do was listen as the
footsteps of the Ghoul moving around her, circling her as if testing the
fact that she was still alive.

The pain was agonizing but what was breaking her inside was the fact
that this creature had overpowered her so easily. She had started
feeling like she could actually stand up as an adventurer over these
past two weeks since she had survived all on her own. She felt that
perhaps now she would be worthy of being Kami's Companion and that she
would emerge from this *Dungeon* and help him in more equal terms. In
her mind, she could potentially reach the heights that Kami could but
now in a matter of seconds she had all that swiped from her. Whatever
this thing was could easily do something like that and made her realize
again what real strength actually is.

All she knew now was that she was more than likely going to die and she
accepted this painfully.

/"I-Im sorry Mister Kami I'm too weak...to be a Hero like you..."/

Those were her last thought before she lost conscious.

It felt like she had gone into deep sleep for a long while as she opened
her eyes once more and noticed she was in the arms of Marie. She looked
up at her as Marie smiled gently.

"Are you ok, Himari?"

Himari sat up confused as to what was happening as she looked around.
She noticed there were two others there and they were fighting the Ghoul.

"Look at this ugly piece of shit! You would think a *Dungeon Boss* would
have a cooler demeanor but this thing is disgusting!" yelled out
Hiromichi as he swiped down on the Ghoul.

"Focus Beast Tamer, if we're not careful this Ghoul will turn the tables
on us" said Asahi as he held out his shield blocking the Ghouls attack
that was meant for Hiromichi.

Himari looked at the fight for a second before Marie brushed her hair
lightly.

"Himari, can you stand up now? We need to stay alert and I don't want
you to be in anymore danger."

She looked up at Marie once more and nodded her head as she stood up.

"W-where did you guys come from?" asked Himari still not grasping the
situation.

"We found you just in time. We saw the Ghoul dragging you through the
ground and you were unconscious. Thank the Goddess I was able to heal
you, your HP was dropping and you were almost-" Marie stopped herself as
she bit her lip lightly.

Himari suddenly felt a sharp pain of sadness in her chest as her eyes
began to burn. She had submitted herself to the idea that she was going
to die at that moment when she lost conscious but now being alive
brought tears to her eyes.

She let out a cry as she grabbed onto Marie's dress.

"I- I thought I was going to die!!"

Marie was surprised at her sudden reaction. She felt relief seeing that
Himari was fine but at the same time was a bit sad for seeing her like
this. Marie had never really dealt with children before but even so she
felt like comforting her. She held Himari's Witch Hat in one hand and
gently placed it over her head.

"There, you'll be fine Himari now that we're here we won't let that
Ghoul near you anymore." Marie said crouching up to her eye-level and
wiping the tears from her.

Marie realized even though it was plain obvious that Himari was still a
child. She had a small idea about the curse that was suppose to be
keeping her this way but even so this girl was younger than her and she
realized that no matter how stronger she had gotten, she was still a kid
who needed someone to comfort her when things like this happen.

"H-hey you're ok! That's the good sh-wait if you're fine, you two stop
fooling around and help us dammit!" yelled out Hiromichi as he looked
back at them.

Marie ignored Hiromichi as she continued to look at Himari.

"If you want you can sit this out. We won't force you to fight this one
with us I can understand if you're not feeling ok."

Himari shaked her head as she opened her eyes.

"N-no. I want to take that thing out now. I lost to it but together we
can beat it. I don't want to be weak, I want to be strong like Mister
Kami."

Marie smiled at her and nodded her head.

"Okay then, be sure to try your best, this time we'll fight this
monster, together."

