
*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Kami *

Lvl:14

EXP: 226/8000

Title: /God of All/Runaway God /

Class: N/A (Level 5 Reached, Class Unlocked]

HP: 4750/4750

Stamina: 4750/4750

Mana: 4750/4750

Strength: 4750

Endurance: 4750

Intelligence: 4750

Dexterity: 4750

Charisma: 13

Wisdom: 4750

"Haha, take a look at that! Killing those 3 Dungeon Bosses gave me
enough to level up a few times!" Kami said as he checked out his stats.

He looked around for Thief trying to have her join in on his fun and
found her on a corner of the Dungeon covering herself up in fear.

"What's the matter with you?" asked Kami in a puzzling tone.

"W-what's the matter with me?! What kind of Hero can just walk in and
take out 3 Dungeon Bosses with one blow?! T-that's beyond any Hero I've
even heard of, ku ku" replied Thief in a shaky voice.

The small Witch Doll Kami had summoned floated next to him as he smiled
at it.

"Let's just move on. This little thing is so handy but is it needed? It
has the same level of strength I do so it's like having two Heroes of
Tyr, right?"

The Witch Doll waddled in the air as if to confirm what he was saying
before Kami turned his attention once more towards Thief.

"Come on, its over already, I promise I'll buy you some alcohol or
something when we get out."

Thief perked up as she instantly stood up and grinned mischievously.

"As much as I want, promise?"

Kami sighed and nodded his head in agreement.

"Ku ku ku! Fine I'm okay now, let's go!"

"Ah, also, if possible then I would like to use those  Arms weapons you
were telling me about before we ran into the Bosses, deal?"

"R-right now? N-no way you're my walking safety ticket these things will
put you in the ground the moment you u-"

"Just let me use them"

Thief frowned as she slowly pulled out her two daggers and handed them
over slowly at Kami.

"B-be careful with them they're my precious weapons..."

Kami lifted them in an excited manner as he swung them around a bit.
From what Thief had told him these Arms were potentially the equivalent
of what Divine Weapons were for him. Perhaps not in strength but this
was their top gear in this Universe and he was thrilled to be holding
them in his hands.

"Just exactly who might you two be?" said a voice to the side of them.

Kami immediately raised the weapons and looked where the voice was
coming from.

It was a girl, looking around the same age as they were with grey-light
blueish hair that was tied up in a ponytail. The ends of her hair were
red and moved almost like they were flames and not actual hair. Her eyes
were a deep crimson red  as if a deep fire was in them. She wore a dark
red jacket on top of a white corset that barely reached up to her waist.
Her white tight jeans complimented her top wear and her dark boots made
her stand out even more in Kami's eyes.

/Wait a minute, this type of clothing, it's not from this Universe, is
it? /

"Hey, you, are you eyeing me? That's a little weird, what's your name?"
she asked.

"Um uh, Kami, and you are?"

The girl in front of him grinned as an overwhelming aura came crashing
down on top of Kami and Thief.

Thief stood petrified for a second before she fell to the ground.

"T-this...I can't move...." struggled Thief 

/Huh? Who is this girl supposed to be? That's some strong presence she
has, must be another boss or something. I should check out her *Data.* /

Before Kami was able to activate any skill a large wave of flames
engulfed him as he was dragged along the flames. He accidentally dropped
Thief's weapons on the ground before he was even aware of what was
happening.

Kami was confused but the least he could tell was that the fire was
doing no damage to him. He could tell the Witch Doll had been dragged
alongside him as it floated around the flames none responsive to what
was going on.

After practically looking around what felt like a sea of fire he was
spit out from the flames as he fell onto the ground and immediately
looked where he had been taken.

He was back outside as far as he could tell and there were no signs of
Thief anywhere.

Kami stood up confused as to how he got here before he heard the
familiar voice once again.

"So, tell me who EXACTLY are you?" she asked him standing a few feet away.

Kami blinked, surprised as to how easily he had been man handled in this
situation but decided to overlook it.

"I'm afraid I'm not sure what you mean exactly. I just came to save my
friends from this Dungeon and I wou-"

A wave of flames appeared in front of Kami as he stumbled back barely
managing to dodge them.

"Don't play coy with me and just tell me exactly where you come from. I
have quite some experience in this world and I don't know exactly who
you think you are but you're messing with my plans!"

"Look, I don't exactly see why it matters but it's kind of obvious that
you're not exactly a good person, am I right?"

"Oh? Why do you say such mean things?" she grinned lightly as wave of
fire surrounded her.

"What do you intend to do when I tell you?" he asked in return.

"Hmmm... I guess it really doesn't matter I'm just going to kill you
anyway, you're right I guess." she said in a mocking tone.

Kami could tell this person was incredibly powerful but how strong, he
still had not seen. He simply grinned back and lifted his fingers at her.

"Well either way I'm the Hero of this story so- Smite!"

As he said that he snapped his fingers and a roaring thunder came from
the sky. It was loud as the sky became dark and suddenly a large beam of
light came down on top of the strange girl hitting her full force.

That wasn't the end though, the Witch Doll who had silently been
watching from the side now also lifted its stubby little arm as it
casted *[Smite]* down on her as well.

A second roar of thunder came from the sky as it grew even darker and a
second beam on top of the first came down only intensifying the effects
of the first.

It was a spectacle to behold to say the least as the complete power of a
God was driven into this single person.

"Ah, perhaps I went a little overboard" commented Kami as he stared at
the beam of light and destruction continue.

He had instinctively used *[Smite] *since he could feel that this was no
ordinary person. Whoever she was exuded a level of strength he had not
yet felt from in this world and decided he would go big on her.

"Alright buddy I think we did enough here we should head back into the
Dung-"

He was interrupted by a laughter that was coming from within the beam of
light. It was the girl from what he could tell as she stood in the
middle of it taking the full blast as if it was nothing.

"Really, who are you, I am curious! This feels like the power of a God
but it barely scratches! Still this hurts more than I expected, this
skill's Level must be maxed out." said the girl.

Kami stared surprised as she casually walked out of the beam of light
without any signs of damage. This was the first time someone had managed
to escape any of his attacks since he got here. Even more so, she didn't
try to dodge it, she just walked out like it was nothing to her.

"Well, I saw what you were capable of, I was worried over nothing, but
just the same I can't let you walk around and change my plans up so."

Kami quickly activated his *[Data]* skill to see exactly what it was he
was dealing with.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Ausra Inoue *

LVL:98

EXP:381,039/440,000

Title: /Goddess of Flames/

Class: Grand Hero

HP: 398,456/398,510

Stamina: 399,657/399,657

Mana: 397,413/397,413

Strength: 399,834

Endurance:396,012

Intelligence:399,954

Dexterity:397,257

Charisma:392,120

Wisdom: 395,438

Before he could react to what he was seeing Ausra appeared in front of
him and punched him knocking the air out.

Kami was thrown back as he was sent crashing through a multitude of
trees before landing on the ground completely unconscious.

Ausra made her way over to him as she casually whistled before standing
in front of the seemingly dead Kami as she smiled.

Kami's HP quickly dropped to [0] from what she could tell and she
grinned one last time.

"Well like you said, I'm the Hero of this story, so- *Punch!*"


          Intermission 2

Hiromichi: Tch, you killed the bastard didn't you, what the hell is
wrong with you?! *smacks Prinny's head*

Sayu: I believe the author is having a life crisis killing off God, you
think he's tired of his story? I personally would smite him down where
he stands if I still had my full angel powers.

Thief: Ku, ku...all I know is this beer, /hic/, tastes
fantastic...*collapses on the table*

Prinny: Look, listen guys, it's nothing personal I just really needed to
write in some stronger characters! You think Kami running around killing
everything in one shot is going to keep people entertained, dood?

Sayu: H-he's the God of All Creation! The Alpha and the Omega,
Benev-*continues never ending praising*

Hiromichi: Look kid, whatever the hell is your problem not sure why you
had to kill him off. What the hell is Sayu rambling on about anyway?

Prinny: I- I didn't kill him off look if you been keeping track of his
Passives h-he's immortal! Why do people believe he's being killed off,
dood! *stares at table nervously*

Marie: *coughs* H-Hero of Tyr is immortal I- I had no idea *stares
nervously at everyone*

Hiromichi: This is bullshit! *Grabs onto Prinny* You write the next
chapter and you better make sure he's alive again or next time we have
one of these I'll kick your ass, got it?!

Himari: I-is Mister Kami going to be ok? *looks down at her feet*

Prinny: H-hey is it ok for a kid to be in a bar? *avoids Hiromichi's glare*

Hiromichi: You're the bastard that wrote us into this scenario anyway,
now make with the writing! *tosses Prinny on the ground*

Prinny: A-alright alright...*climbs back onto the chair*

(Silent awkwardness as the group sits on the table listening to Sayu
ramble on about Kami's greatness)

Prinny: S-so who you think is everyone's favorite character so far?

Hiromichi: Tch, clearly, it's me of course. I have everything the great
characters have! Personality and a great appearance! Everything your
generic ass harem girls are missing! *scoffs at them*

Marie: E-excuse me...?

Himari: I'm a Harem girl, yay!

Sayu: Disgusting, a worthless ape thinks he's more likeable than our
Lord and Savior! I will see to it personally that once we return to
Heaven you are condemn to the never-ending agonizing flames of Hell.

Marie: I personally think some people enjoy the mother figure... *waves
gently at the front page* I-I might not be the most popular but...I
probably have the sweetest fans...maybe.

Hiromichi: W-why does everyone randomly stare and talk to shit!?

Sayu: If there is a mother figure, it would have to be me of course. I
consistently have to hold the hand of God in his ever-expanding works.
*raises her chest with pride*

Prinny:*shakes Thief gently* G-guys I think she might have died...

Hiromichi: Mother figure this mother figure that! People are not going
fans over two girls taking care of grown ass man like they were
children, they want the cool dude who's loud and obnoxious! That's me so
don't delude yourselves!

Sayu: Ha! So, you admit you are loud and obnoxious! Ironic, the only one
who could even deal with someone like that would be a mother! Perhaps
this is why you spent all your life as a Cave Dweller you ape!

Hiromichi* stands up* Don't you dare call me a dam Cave Dweller you
fluff-winged egoistic bird! Flap your wings back home and let the real
man take the front line!

Prinny: T-that sounded a bit sexist there...seriously guys...Thief's not
breathing.

Thief: *falls onto the ground*

Sayu: Haha! Is that the best the filthy mouth dog could bark up?! Do you
even know what a real man looks like? I was there when Kami created them
and I can tell you, you're more animal than man!

Marie:H-how about we just calm down and have some nice drinks guys...

Hiromichi: Alright that's it you! You and me! One-on-One, outside! I'll
de-feather you and really show you what I can do!

Sayu: Please! Maybe you had the slight edge when I first came to this
world but now you're beneath me! Fine, I accept your challenge.

Prinny:*flips Thief face-up* G-Guys she's dead! Help me, doods!

(Sayu and Hiromichi head outside leaving the rest of the group in silence)

Marie: *sighs* Come on Himari, let's go make sure they don't make a mess
of things...

Himari: *nods her head and smiles* Okay! I think Sayu is going to win
though, she looks a lot stronger!

(Marie and Himari head outside)

Prinny: W-why did everyone ignore me dood?! Ah, *sits on the ground
staring at Thief's corpse* Well, anyway...thank you for reading so far
I'm very happy with how my story is going so far. There're a few things
I wou-

Thief: /hic/...blegh... I... need to throw up....ku...ku....ku....

Prinny: You're alive! Thank Kami for that,phew! A-anyway there's a few
things I would have liked to have gone differently and I still feel my
writing could improve. As I write this I have around 18k readers which
to me is honestly the more important factor. Not many people tend to
vote even though quite a few of them tend to Inbox me for some reason
but never touch that little star. Irrelevant, I want to thank you for
all the support and I hope you keep enjoying any future updates for my
story. Also, as I had said before if you see or find anything wrong in
terms of grammar or such in my story do let me know, I'm not perfect and
I tend to write these pretty fast at times.

Thief: S-stop talking...you... stupid penguin... my... ugh...*rolls on
the ground*

Prinny: T-that's it for now and once again, thank you for everything! If
you have any question or comments don't be scared to hit me up and I'll
answer as best I can! C-come on Thief let's get you to a bed...

