
Kami yawned as he opened his eyes. He felt like he's had a good rest for
the first time in centuries. He sat up and looked around only to find
himself surrounded by multiple streams of souls. They were floating
around him like a calm wave of water as he gently grabbed onto one. It
glowed in his hand and immediately disappeared. He smiled knowing
exactly where he was.

"I would appreciate if you don't mess with my stuff please" said a deep
voice from the shadows.

Kami stood up and stretched before responding.

"Ah technically these are all mine until I say otherwise, but feel free
to think they are yours,I'm not stopping you."

From the shadows emerged a figure whose appearance was awfully similar
to Kami's. The only difference was the contrast in colors of clothing
they had and the deep dark eyes that looked back at him.

"Must you always use my image? I understand we are twins but we can look
completely different. It wouldn't kill you to get yourself an original
look." Kami mocked as he grinned at the new presence in front of him.

The figure continued to stare at Kami with an expressionless face as
Kami spread his arms as if asking for a hug.

"Come on, would it kill you to be a little lovable when we meet?"

"When is the last time we saw each other? Excuse me for not jumping with
excitement. It is good to see you though." replied the voice.

Kami nodded his head looking around the spectacle of souls flowing
around them.

"So, are we going to fight again to see if I stay dead? If I recall, I
have beaten you every time we meet since I created mortals, twice to be
exact!"

The figure shook his head and spoke loudly.

"You're still a child I see. No, you're not exactly dead anyway, it
would be pointless to try. However, I did want to see what my twin
brother was up to that would put him so close to meeting me again."

"Ah you know, messing around in one of the Universes I created."

"I must thank you for that by the way, the more mortals you create the
closer I get to one day taking the lead, it must scare you a bit knowing
one of these days I'll over power you."

"Ha! Shi come on the whole spooky act doesn't work on me. You sure you
don't want to fight around a bit, it's not often we get to see each
other. We're the furthest thing apart." insisted Kami as he raised his
fists in a jokingly manner.

"You didn't answer my question though. How did you come so close to me
once more?"

"Ah well it's a long story really but I'm having some fun essentially
playing a game world out." smiled Kami in a happy tone.

"Oh, a game? By the way it's rude that you never returned my copy of
Dragon's Hunt 6. It was a Collector's Edition with over 50 exclusive
hours of game commentary. I am going to be needing that back."

Kami looked around avoiding his sight as he coughed.

"Y-yeah about that I lost it so you know, why don't you just...make
yourself another one-"

"You know why! That was an original print and I am not about to bend the
rules of space and time just to cheat my way into another copy! I stayed
up 3 days in that line trying to get that and I don't need to explain
myself to you just give it back!" Shi said in a childish tone.

Kami snickered at Shi's sudden change in personality. He was always easy
to provoke and when he did he would always act "childish" about it. Kami
found it funny considering Shi consistently mocked him for being a child
about everything.

Back then, before Kami had created mortals. Shi and Kami would spend
loads of time messing around, playing with his creations and having a
great time in general. It all really changed when Kami created the
angels. They were not mortal in essence but they had the capacity to
die. Shi's role had been decided then and he became the one who loomed
over Death itself. He became Death in essence and from that point Kami
and Shi were never close again.

It was strange really, he didn't think there was anything stopping them
from seeing each other it just naturally felt like they should stay away
from each other at all times. It was probably because of their work to
be honest. Kami spent all his time creating and helping maintain
Creation and Shi spent all his time undoing that.

Kami didn't hold strife in his being because of that, Shi was his
brother and had been 1 of the 3 beings whose existence had always been.
Whatever he decided to do he fully supported it, even if it was that one
day he planned on killing Kami himself.

Even so Kami had always been the strongest as his power was unreachable
so he had little do worry about that. However, if he was ever to die the
flow of time would be incredibly different here to all of Creation, by
the time he got back it might have all collapsed. Sure, he could bend
time or something but it was all such a hassle that he rather much just
not die to begin with.

"You are giving me back my game, right?" persisted Shi as he looked
angrily at Kami.

Kami laughed and shrugged as he snapped his fingers. Suddenly the souls
around them began glowing as they all began banishing. An infinite
amount of souls disappeared almost instantly in front of them leaving
Shi and Kami standing in total darkness.

"Fine, but I am taking back what's mine as well." Kami said as he raised
his hand revealing a copy of the game he asked for.

"Hmph, fine, take them. I'll make them back faster than you can think
anyway." Shi said grabbing the game from Kami's grip.

"By the way Kami, is this world that you're traveling to that exciting
to you?"

Kami frowned his eyebrows and thought about it for a second. He wasn't
sure how to reply to that. For the first time in a while he felt
fulfilled with what he was doing. It might sound silly to imagine that
just partaking in a game world was enough to do something like this but
for an endless amount of time he had been doing what others expected of
him and now he was doing what he wanted to do.

Kami smiled at Shi after a few seconds of thinking and patted his shoulder.

"It really is, kinda brings me back to the good old days where we played
together. I've met some interesting creations of mine and we're fighting
it out together."

Suddenly Kami's essence began disappearing as he looked at himself for a
second before grinning at Shi.

"Well looks like my time here is done. Don't bother trying to drag me
back here again if you're just going to be a bummer. Take care and if
you see sis tel-"

Kami's presence dissipated instantly from Shi's sight.

Shi stood there motionless for a while holding the game as he looked
down at it. He felt a bit sad about seeing Kami leave as it would
probably be a while before he could see him again. This was his job now,
and it was something that had become repetitive and quite tiresome. Shi
sighed as he walked across the empty vacuum of space as the streams of
souls began reappearing.He stopped in his tracks as his face lit up as
he looked down at the game and grinned.

This whole thing was silly and stupid, why could he not leave to do what
HE wanted? How was it that he is slaving away doing his job as one of
the most powerful beings in all creation? The thought of that was insane
now that he thought about it. Kami had it figured out and the more he
thought about it the more committed he became.

"Now now then... who should I leave in charge while I'm away."

