
Kami's instantly opened his eyes as he took in a heavy breath.

"W-what?! I'm sure I killed you just now! You lost!" said Ausra in
disbelief as she stared down at him.

Something about the way she said this bothered Kami. To be truthful, he
had never experienced defeat so hearing it put so bluntly in front of
him really was not sitting well with him.

"Tch! Just die you freak!"

As Ausra said this an overwhelming wave of fire came crashing down on
Kami setting everything a blaze burning it into ashes.

Ausra was a safe distance as she watched the result of her work
destroying the landscape in front of her. She was sure that no matter
what happened, there was no way Kami could be alive now. She stood there
waiting for any signs of movement but all she could see was a sea of
flames engulfing everything in its path.

"That was a bit odd I'll admit..." Ausra sighed and grinned at her work.

She looked around a bit longer before she decided it was time to head
out. Kami was dead and there was no other reason for her to be here now
that her job was complete.

"Hexalus better be ready to cooperate fully after this...stupid unnamed
Hero wannabe..."

As she turned around she felt a presence emerging from a distance. It
was strange. It was noticeable for a split second, like an overwhelming
force that was crushing her but just as quickly it vanished. She looked
back and at a distance noticed a figure standing in the middle of the
fiery inferno. Her expression changed to anger when the figure became
more apparent and she saw that it was Kami, completely unscathed.

Kami adjusted his shirt with his eyes closed attempting to quell his
growing anger.

"You, Goddess of Flames person was it?"Kami said as he waved his hand at
her.

Ausra appeared in front of Kami as she looked around in astonishment.
She had been quite a distance away from him when he had spoken but as
soon as he had waved his hand she had suddenly appeared just a few feet
away from him.

"Tsk, a teleportation skill? What good will that do you when I can just
beat you with a single punch!" she said running up to Kami.

Kami stood there, without moving as he stared at her incoming attack.

She clenched her hand into a fist as a flame engulfed it. It was dense
and began to expand as it finally reached Kami. There was an enormous
wave of fire that was released from the punch as she stood once again
staring at her work.

Suddenly she felt her hand being grabbed with great force. She was
astonished at the strength of the grip as she started struggling to
break free.

"W-what?! What's going-"

Her voice had faded without any warning. She tried to talk but no matter
how much she struggled she was incapable of making a single noise. Ausra
looked at the man in front of her as he held her hand.

With his free hand he held his finger up to his mouth signaling her to
be quiet. This had been the reason why she was suddenly unable to speak
and now found herself muted. Ausra continued to struggle to break free
from Kami's grip but it seemed pointless.

No matter how hard she tried to pull back her hand wouldn't budge much
less the one that was holding it. She looked at Kami's eyes once more
and suddenly felt a surge of fear. His eyes were void of any emotion
along with his expression. She couldn't tell if this person was mad or
just simply looking down on her like an insignificant creature.

"Do you realize what you just did you stupid girl?"

Ausra was confused as the voice that spoke to her sent shivers down her
back. This was not the same person who she had been dealing with just a
few minutes ago. His voice resonated with strength and authority. It was
no longer the sarcastic mellowed down voice she had heard him speak.
When it was directed at her she felt herself shrink and become inferior.

She saw him once more and realized his voice wasn't the only thing that
changed. His entire aura was no longer the same. When she met Kami, he
felt kind of goofy and clueless, the opposite of what you would expect a
Hero to be. Now he stood in front of her with a menacing aura of power
surrounding him as though he had completely changed personality.

She felt her hand being crushed as she let out a small sharp cry of pain
now being released from her mute state.

"If this were one of my RPG's it would be Game Over for me, do you
understand that?"

Ausra looked at him in fear and confusion once more as she pondered what
he was talking about.

"Tsk, no, of course you don't understand" as he said this a glyph
appeared around Ausra.

The glyph was similar to the one that appeared when summoning the Witch
Doll. However, its color was white in comparison to the blue tint one of
the Witch Doll.

Suddenly Ausra felt a sharp increasing pain. The glyph had activated and
a pillar of light emerged from it hurting her like she never felt
before. It was as though someone was sticking endless amounts of needles
into every pore in her body and then twisting them around. The fiery
pain reached deep into the core of her being and penetrated it
intensifying its grip on her every passing second.

She screamed in pain like she never had in all her centuries of
existing. There was nothing more she wanted now than for the pain to
stop even if it meant her death. Anything to stop this never-ending
torture of misery she felt at this moment. In her mind she could not
tell if she had been suffering for seconds, minutes, days, months, years
or even centuries; all she knew was that it didn't stop and she begged
for anything or anyone to saver her from it.Her voice wore out and
burned from the screaming but she still continued her unending screaming.

Just like that she was finally released into the sweet abyss of
darkness, or so it appeared.

Ausra opened her eyes wide open once more as she inhaled a large amount
of air. She looked around as she saw Kami still holding onto her fist.
She was basically being dangled now as the pain she was suffering came
back to her mind.

"N-no please... I... I'm sorry"

She began yelling in pain once more as the pillar of light activated
again underneath her feeling the torture intensifying every second.

Tears rolled down Ausra faces as the pain continued. She didn't have
space to think about anything else except the pain and how she wished it
would end. She didn't understand how she could possibly be taking this
much damage and not be dying instantaneously. Something was keeping her
alive or at least, bringing her back from the dead.

Once again, she felt herself drift into utter darkness only to find
herself waking up in the same position she had been this whole time.

"P-please m-mercy..." she begged in a weak feeble voice.

All signs of her much confident persona had vanished. Now she was a
broken shell of her former self. Nothing else mattered to her. Her plans
and alliances meant zero. This being was no human she could tell this
much at least. Even Yotsune who she had faced centuries ago had not been
capable of inflicting this much pain to her at the time.

Kami was a being that was capable of transcending torture even the God
of Calamity could impose. This pain made what he did look like a simple
slap in the hand. In Ausra's mind now, Kami was a being who surpassed
the Gods.

This idea terrified her, knowing that right underneath their nose, with
all their secretive planning and war with other Gods, that there was a
being living in the same space as they were that could easily lift his
fingers and make someone as powerful as her a mere broken shell.

Ausra could feel something inside her was broken, not completely right.
It was an echo of the pain she had felt and it was constantly ringing in
her very essence. She couldn't pin point it correctly but even though
Kami was no longer torturing her as of this moment, she could feel the
pain.

"That's your soul being damage, by the way. That pain you feel right
now, the utter void of will and self, its because your soul is
fractured." spoke Kami in an indifferent tone as he let her go.

Ausra fell to the ground like a doll without its strings and laid there
motionless.

"S-soul...?" she asked once more in the same feeble voice.

"Don't worry, you're completely healed up and your practically like your
old self. Well except for the whole, soul fracture thing and the
never-ending internal pain, other than that you're good as new" Kami
said reverting back to his normal personality.

Kami walked past the lifeless Ausra as he began heading into the*Dungeon*.

"This is probably not fair in all honesty, I'll try not to use
*Omnipotent* anymore but I can't promise anything. Now go, I doubt
you'll want to be here by the time I get back out." he smiled gently.

With those last words Kami made his way in, hoping to find his friends
so they can move the game along.

