
"When I find him, I'm going to kill him, ku ku!"

Thief used*[Shunpo]*  on the slime creature in front of her as she drew
on her daggers. She  attempted to stab the creature with them but they
easily sunk into its  body. Her hands were stuck inside its warm slimy
body giving her a  churning feeling in her stomach.

"Ugh! D-disgusting!"

The slime creature shifted its body so its glowing red eyes stared at
Thief. Her hands began sinking further into the creature.

"Aiieee! This is so wrong! *S-Shunpo*!"

She instantly teleported away as she shook her hands in an attempt to
get rid of the slime covering her hands and weapons.

"Blegh! W-why did I get such a gross creature to fight?! Why not some
Wolves or some Goblins? Dungeons are usually full of these generic
monsters but I had to get a Slime Creature, ku!"

She lifted her daggers once more as she ran up the Slime before shouting.

"*Toxin Weaponry*!"

Her daggers gave a distinct emerald glow as she sliced through the slime
instead of stabbing it.

The Slime Creature gave a groan as the dagger passed through its body.
It left an opening where Thief had struck with her dagger as a sizzling
noise came from it. The cut began bubbling as the poison took its effect
on the creature. It began frantically staggering back as it felt the
burn from the poison slowly crawling through its body.

"Ku ku ku! Not bad right? No need for magic skills to take you down!
Although I guess it is a magic skill..."

She didn't give the Slime Creature must time to react as she once again
used *[Shunpo]* on it appearing right behind it. Thief quickly raised
her daggers once more at the monster.

"*Double Blow*!"

She lashed out with one of her daggers in a swift motion cutting through
the monster once more.

This time though the monster was aware of her abilities as he made a
quick turn when she disappeared and swung its arm at her.

Thief grinned at the slime before she disappeared. She reappeared right
behind it once again as she slashed at it with her second dagger.

The  Slime Creature staggered back once again as the poison from her
weapons  took effect once more. It began making a loud gurgling noise
before  collapsing on the ground and turning into a giant puddle of
bubbling  slime. A notification appeared in front of her as she placed
her daggers  away.

*[EXP+150] *

"S-seriously, disgusting!"

She  took a deep breath as she started walking once more looking for
Kami.  All she remembered was that he was standing in front of her when
that  girl showed up and suddenly they were taken  away by a flame
figure that strangely resembled a bird. After that she  found herself
walking alone for the longest time before coming across  that Slime
Creature.

"Where did they go? Just left me here all alone wandering around this
stupid Dungeon. I didn't even want to come in to begin with, ku!"

Thief came to a halt as she felt the ground shaking  underneath her. She
panicked as she looked around wondering what was  going on. It wasn't
long before she got her answer as one of the walls  in front of her
exploded.

"Aiieee! W-what was that?!"

It  wasn't long before she heard snarling noises from where the
explosion  had occurred. Thief instantly took out her daggers once more
preparing  herself for what was potentially another fight. She froze
though when she heard a female voice speaking.

"Filthy creatures. Why Kami allows them to exist can only be described
as mercy."

Thief stared in front of her as the smoke cleared up. 

It was Sayu  who stood proud and tall as she held up a Zombie onto the
air with one  hand. The Zombie struggled to break free from her grip as
it scratched at her arms but did nothing to her skin. The Zombies eyes
and mouth began to glow with an intense light as it started shaking
violently before becoming lifeless.

"M-madame Sayu, I must say you are perhaps the most terrifying woman I
have met" said another voice.

Sebastien stepped up from the other side of the wall holding a bow as he
looked at Sayu holding the dead corpse.

Sayu loosen her grip as the zombie's body fell to the ground.     

"S-she was that girl..." Thief said out loud as she stared at the
commotion.

If  she remembered correctly this girl was also with them when they
entered  the dungeon so it was more than likely that this was one of
Kami's  companions. She had also carried her around now that she thought
back at  how she had been tossed to the ground when she was regaining
conscious.

Thief grinned with satisfaction as she casually strolled up to the two
of them who were somewhat distracted.

"Hi! You were that girl following Kami around right?!" she said abruptly

Sayu was surprised to suddenly hear someone's  voice like that out of
the blue. She looked at Thief in a confused  manner. In her eyes some
random girl had just walked up to them and  started talking like meeting
old friends. However, the mention of Kami pulled her attention.

"Who were you again?" asked Sayu as she continued to stare at her.

"Ku! Don't you remember me? You carried me around while I was
unconscious, that was a bit rude to throw me just like that by the way!"
Thief groaned

Sayu eyes wandered a bit before she looked at Thief once more.

"Right the one that smelled of alcohol and failure."

Thief coughed as if she had been insulted. She stared back at Sayu in an
angry manner before yelling at her.

"I-It's not very nice of you to point out things like that! You're the
one that was carrying me anyway I didn't ask you to do that, ku ku!"

"I  wouldn't have bother to begin with unless Kami asked me to. It was
you  or that big oaf. I personally would have left the both of you on
the side, not sure why he bothers having you two around."

"W-what is that supposed to mean?"

Sayu lifted her chest up and spoke in boasting manner.

"You  two seemed more like a liability than an asset. In truth, you two 
should have been the ones carrying Kami around praising him just for 
allowing you near his presence. Instead you are two little life forms 
who don't know their place in this world."

Thief was taken aback but at the same time her anger grew. She wasn't
sure who this girl thought she was but everything she said sounded
ridiculous to her. Sure, Kami was a great Hero but praising him for
something so silly? Thief was convinced this girl was a little too into
Kami.

"Shhh! Two roses such as yourselves should not be fighting. You,
exquisite dame, are you also lost? I Sebastien Vautour shall help you
back to our camp!"

Sayu closed her eyes and sighed as she walked back through the other
side of the wall.

Thief  on the other hand felt relieved. She could finally get somewhere
safe  where she wouldn't have to be looking over her shoulder or
watching her  every step.

"Yes,yes please!"

"This way then-" Sebastien stared at her as he gave her a witty smile.

"Just call me Thief" she said as she walked up Sebastien.

Sebastien offered his hand as he continued to smile at her.

Thief on the other hand found it a bit weird and decided to ignore him.
She walked past Sebastien following on Sayu's lead leaving him stone
cold behind.

Sebastien coughed as he regained his composure and followed after Thief.

"This Kami fellow must be quite the gentleman then if my charms don't
work."

Thief  snickered as she heard this. It wasn't that Kami was anything
great  besides his insane ability to take down anything so far in one
hit; it  was something else for Thief at least. Kami was supposed to  be
an easy money scheme for her and she would stick by it until he  brings
results to the table. She wasn't sure what the grip on Sayu Kami had but
it seemed a bit fanatic.

"Ku, so where to now?" 

"Ah madame Sayu  knows the way back at this point. We have gone out a
few times to find  others but no luck. She seems terribly bothered by
not finding her  lover."

Sayu looked back with an angry expression yelling out at him.

"Kami is not my lover you disgusting ape!"

Sebastien let out a small chuckle and raised his arms in front of
himself. He shook them as if intimidated by her rebuttle.

"If this is true madame Sayu, then this is good for moi! We still have a
date we must-"

Sayu walked off before Sebastien could finish leaving him once again
feeling stone cold.

Thief  felt exhausted following this conversation. All she wanted was to
make  her to safety at this point as she continued to follow Sayu.

"Ku, Kami where ever you are, I'm going to find you and make sure you
pay up."


*/A/N: Hi guys quick notes! I'm sorry about not posting in the last 3
days or so. Decided to put the notes at the bottom this time around. I
haven't been 100% this whole time but I'm hoping to get back on track as
soon as possible. These few chapters are personally going to feel a bit
slow in terms of any real events happening anyway considering I'm going
to regroup everyone at this point. I do apologize for the wait and hope
you still continue to enjoy the story./*

