
It was a clear day in the morning in Nyledell, the capital city of the
Elven Kingdom. Many of the people wandered about their own way.  It was
a buzzing city located deep in the forests of Tyr. 

This  was the homeland of many of the Elves as they felt at peace in
this  environment. Their territory was located west of the human
kingdom,  which was divided by a giant wall on the outskirts of the
forests.

They  had begun constructing that a few years back since issues with
the  Human Kingdom had begun. It was not a racial difference or anything
of the sort. It was more or less because the new Elven King had been
appointed after a suspected assassin by the Human Kingdom had been sent.
They had caught and interrogated the man who  was responsible and it had
seemed that way ever since. From that point  on tension between the two
kingdoms had risen and surely it would escalate into a war soon enough.
Many races were still allowed back and forth including many who came
from the Human Kingdom, however due to safety many of the humans had
limited their travels to the homeland of the Elves.

For now though, the Elven Kingdom enjoyed its peace and tranquility. 

Suddenly from the skies of this land a loud thundering noise  was heard
by all across. In the sky what looked like a meteor made its  way down
through the horizon landing deep in the forests.

From within the crater a figure emerged.

It coughed as it made its way out as the sounds of the forest had grew
quiet.

"That barrier was incredibly tough. I had to use my connection to this
world's afterlife just to come through"

It  was Shi, who had decided it was time he had a little fun of his
own.  This was the world that had captivated his brother, Kami, so he
decided  it would be the perfect one for him to start his own journey. 

He  slightly coughed as he looked around his surroundings to see exactly
where he had landed. Although he had made it through the barrier  around
this Universe, he had felt his power leave his being when he made it
inside. Instead of making a nice appearance into this world he had to
redirect himself in space to land exactly on this planet. 

"Kami  must have made some counter measure trap so his angels would be
unable  to come in, and at the same time anyone who did would lose their
power  while within this world, that's my brother for you, smart, just
like  me."

Shi looked at his hand, checking to see exactly how much of his strength
was now gone. It was a strange feeling being this weak, almost like a
large part of him was missing. Like adjusting yourself to  breathing in
a new atmosphere, he couldn't exactly put his finger on  it.

He sighed knowing he wouldn't be able to easily find Kami then. Shi had
hoped he would have been able to track his brother down and have Kami
show him the ropes to this world. Either way, he was now on his own and
he would have to make the best of it.

"This is a game world if I'm correct...how would I go about showing my
sta-"

Before he could finish his thoughts out loud a menu appeared in front of
his eyes. He was startled a bit by the sudden appearance of it but
pleasantly happy about how easy it was.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Shi *

LVL: 1

EXP 0/50

Title: /Brother Complex Entity/ Runaway Death /

Class: N/A

HP: 0/0

Stamina: 250/250

Mana: 250/250

Strength: 250

Endurance: 250

Intelligence: 250

Dexterity: 250

Charisma: 250

Wisdom: 250

(Further stats may be unlocked through progression and class changes)
(For list of passives open the Passives)

"That title kind of pisses me of, makes it look like I'm obsessed with
Kami or something." 

Shi cringed as he re-read his title and shook his head in
disappointment. He was not about to let that bother him but if he could
get rid of that title as soon as possible, he would.

Another  thing he was curious about was his HP. It was 0 if he had read
that  right which should be impossible, otherwise he would be dead.

His eyes sparkled as he finally understood. Of course, as Death itself
he had no HP to begin with but it was strange how that was standard but
all  his other stats were changed according to this world. He wondered 
exactly how it was that this worlds rule is set up. He thought about the
Passives just as the Status Bar had told him about.

His Passives suddenly popped up as he once again was startled by the
appearance of the menu.

*[Passives] *

*Omnipresent* Lvl. Max

*Edge of Omnipotence* LVL. Max

*Death* LVL. Max

*Untouchable* LVL. Max

(Further Passives may be unlocked through progression and class changes)
(For list of Skills open the Skill Menu)

He noted that his***[**Edge of Omnipotence*] passive and
*[**Omnipresent*] passive were toggled off. He tried to toggle them back
on to see the effects but they did not seem to be responding.

"This is probably the effect of Kami's barrier. Looks like I won't be
able to use those two, bummer."

Shi decided to open his skills now to see what he was working with in
terms of attacks.

*[Skill Menu]*

{Skills

                           undet#ermined, pla%yers origin i^

                                                             nserted.}

[Further Skills may be unlocked through progression and class changes)
(To check Stats open the Status Bar)

Shi  looked surprisingly at his Skills. He felt a bit taken aback from
seeing them but was welled up with frustration almost immediately.

"Well this is great. I'm sure this is Kami's fault somehow. I just want
to-"

He took a deep breath as he regained his emotionless demeanor. 

"Guess I'll have to find out how to fix this on my own now"

Shi closed off his menu as he looked  around once again. This was
strange to him walking in an actual realm  like this. Even when he had
interacted with mortality in the past it had always been in more
technological advanced ones but this felt almost  fairy tale-like. It
was like he had walked into a game to be more  precise which was
probably the most accurate statement for where he stood.

He  knew what he had to do next. If this was a game world that would
mean  he would have to Level Up to attain more stats. The better his
stats the stronger he would get once more.

There was suddenly a noise that attracted Shi's attention.It was the
sound of horses slowly approaching him from a distance. He was not sure
what was coming but he knew it was heading his way.

Shi braced himself not knowing what kind of monsters or people he would
meet. Considering he wasn't the all-powerful being he usually was it
would probably be well of him to very wary of others until he understood
this world a bit more.

The horses drew nearer as he looked over in the direction in which he
heard them coming from. They appeared in his line of sight as he noticed
a group of human figures riding them. Shi stood there expressionless but
at the same time with his guard up.

It  wasn't long before the horses pulled up on him stopping a few yards
away. On the lead was what looked like a female warrior. It was hard to 
tell how she resembled considering she was wearing a helmet. Her armor
was yellow tinted and a bit scuffed up showing she had been in previous
battles before. Although Shi could not necessarily see her face he could
tell she was looking down at him with great curiosity.

"You!  Who are you? Did you see what caused that meteor from the sky?
Did you see what was in it?" she barraged Shi with questions.

Shi decided to be as charming as possible considering they did not look
like they wanted to harm him.

"I'm sorry to say, no. It was like this when I got here, if there was
anything that landed here it's long gone. I'm more interested in knowing
who you guys are though." he spoke with a soft elegant voice.

The female seemed a bit lost for words for a bit before she spoke.

"We are from the Royal Palace. You must not know who we are considering
you are a Human."

Shi took a closer look at them but could not make any distinguishable
features. They were all wearing heavy armor that was covering them up so
he could not tell what they meant by 'human'. However, he nodded his
head and smiled gently as he continued to stare at the girl, making sure
not to make any unneeded movements.

"I'm new around this area, I would really appreciate if you would tell
me where the nearest city is. There's a few things I would like to take
care of."

Shi thought he was playing this out fairly well. Having to lie and make
all sorts things up was kind of fun. He was starting to enjoy this. His
favorite aspect of a RPG games was the dialect between characters. The
rich background that would come from every NPC he could talk to while on
his adventure to level up his characters was simply the best.

The girl stared at him once more before she slowly got off the horse and
slowly walked up to Shi. 

He continued to stand there trying to make a friendly impression as she
stopped a few feet away from him.

She lifted a scroll which she opened up and spoke loud and firmly.

"On behalf of King Elion of the Elven Kingdom I place you under arrest
for trespassing in forbidden land.Guards, seize him!"

