
Himari gave a faint glow once more as everyone looked at her again.

"Mister Kami leveled up again" said Himari looking up at her stats.

*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Himari Chiba *

LVL:12

EXP: 156/6000

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion/ Mage

HP:488/488

Stamina: 448/448

Mana: 543/543

Strength: 445

Endurance: 487

Intelligence: 532

Dexterity: 450

Charisma: 463

Wisdom: 499

She looked a bit perplexed despite her stat increase. She was happy that
Kami was leveling up consistently but now she was back in the same page
where his stats gave her a bigger boost that her own. Himari was more
than thrilled to be receiving as much help from Kami as possible but in
the back of her head she wished she could be more help in return as well.

"What is that like the dam 6th time he levels up today?! Wasn't he
already super high level or something; how is he leveling up so fast?!"
asked Hiromichi staring at Himari.

Marie bit her lip as she used her *[Data]* skill to see Himari's stats
once again. She couldn't help but feel a bit jealous at the fact that it
was her who was receiving the blessings of a God's stat instead of
herself. A part of her wished that she had taken the offer to become
Kami's companion back then but it was probably too late. She shook her
head trying to rid herself of any bad thought as she smiled at Himari.

"You're really strong now with Kami backing you up. I'm sure he'll be
excited seeing how much you've grown on your own."

Himari looked at Marie with a doubtful expression.

"Y-you think? I'm probably not as strong as he is. What if I'm just
holding him back and he wants to get rid of me?"

Marie gave her a gentle smile in return.

"He made you his companion for a reason. There's no way he'll do
something like that."

Hiromichi patted Himari's head a bit too roughly as he yelled out.

"Tch,don't worry about that a'hole right now Himari. If he tries to get
rid of you, I'll just have to kick his ass!"

Marie giggled at the thought of Hiromichi trying to beat up Kami. By the
way things looked as of now, she was pretty sure even Himari would be
able to take him on. Kami would be miles ahead of him.

"W-what?! What's so funny?! Tch, whatever" Hiromichi spoke as he crossed
his arms and looked away.

Asahi raised his arm at them signaling them to stop as he looked in
front of him.

Everyone came to a halt and stared in the direction in which he was
looking. There was a camp base towards the end of the cave buzzing with
people. It almost looked like a small settlement had been made inside
this Dungeon at some point.

"Hmmm, I recognize the armor some of them wear, they are the Kingdoms
guards, it must be the personal guards that came along with the Prince."
Asahi commented as he started walking once more.

The group followed after him slowly approaching the camp. When they
reached a certain point some of the guards who were on lookout
approached them with their weapons drawn.

"Halt! What is your business here?" asked one of the guards.

"Tch, you're kidding me, right?! We're freaking adventurers dumb ass!?
What do you think?!" yelled out Hiromichi.

"Beast Tamer, silence. I apologize for my associate here. We were sent
by the King to look for the prince and return him to Alzel." Asahi said
pulling out an Emblem confirming his standing with the King.

The guards immediately lowered their weapons and gave a slight bow.

"Please, forgive our rudeness, if you would follow me I would be more
than happy to take you to the prince himself" said one of the guards in
a humble tone.

Asahi nodded his head and looked back at the rest of the group as they
started following the guard into the campsite.

They looked around and noticed that not everyone here was part of the
guards sent with the prince. There were others who looked like
adventurers walking about eating, resting, or just talking among each
other. As they moved through the crowd many of them stared. They were a
new crowd of adventure's that had not been seen around the campsite.

Asahi and the group approached a tent as the guard held his hand up
letting them know to stop.

"I will let the His Royal Highness know you are here, please wait a
moment."

The guard headed inside the tent leaving them to wait for his return.

"Tch, freaking royalty man, can't we just go inside we're already here
to save his sorry ass."

"Settle down Beast Tamer, there are procedures to this, we can't just
barge in and do as we please." replied Asahi.

"T-that remind me we came here to save the prince and have the King
release you guys from jail, how are you here?" asked Marie.

"Well the freaking King actually called up Kami and decided to let us go
as long as we came here to rescue his son. I was more than inclined to
just get the hell out of this entire Kingdom but I was set free only
thanks to Kami so guess I owe the bastard one."

"Does this mean your expunged from all your past crimes?"

"Hell if I know but I suppose so, at least once we get this guy back to
his daddy. Tch, why you have to word it like that though in front of the
kid?!" he yelled out looking over at Himari.

Himari looked up at him and smiled.

She was well aware that Hiromichi was responsible in part for her
parent's disappearance but she didn't feel any animosity towards him.
All she wanted was to find them and make sure they were safe. After
that, she wondered what she would do. She always wanted to grow up to be
a Hero and as much as she thought about going back to Itsu Village and
spending her life there, most of her wanted to continue traveling with
Kami and grow stronger. Even now what she was doing was what she had
hoped to do in the future, save people from situations like this. All
this had kind of come about that moment the curse was temporarily lifted.

The guard emerged from within the tent as he signaled them to come in.

"His Royal Highness will see you now"

They headed inside to find a couple of other familiar faces in there.

Sayu along with Keishi and Sebastien were all standing next to a slim
man in armor. His armor was spotless and gave a light silver glow. He
looked up at them and smiled at them with a set of pearl white teeth.
His dark hair was rolled back almost jelled up and his eyes were warm
despite their black luster in them.

"Welcome, one of my guards says you came in behalf of my father. I have
to say, I wish he would stop sending people in to save me, this entire
place is a death trap. Although this is the first time he has sent
someone with the Emblem of our Kingdom."

Hiromichi eyed Sayu before sneering at her.

"You dealing with the royals now huh? Know where Kami is?"

Sayu sighed as she shook her head.

Asahi cleared his throat and looked at Hiromichi letting him know he
should be quiet.

"Your Highness, I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean. I'm well
aware of this Dungeons mechanic that separates groups but it seems to me
at this point finding the exit with this large group should be easy enough"

The Prince let out a small laugh and looked at a map showing the layout
of the Dungeon.

"That's the thing though, there is no exit."

"The hell you mean there's no exit?!" yelled out Hiromchi

"Quiet! Your Highness, I'm afraid what he's trying to say is, how is
this possible?"

Prince Masfrit sighed as he continued to look at the map.

"We're not entirely sure but the most likely scenario is that there is
something keep us trapped in here. Perhaps the Final Dungeon Boss is
keeping us here or some sort of magic at work that keeps us looping
around this entire Dungeon over and over again."

Asahi and Marie looked at each other and nodded their heads.

This was identical to what had happened to them in the woods back when
Kami had showed up and saved them. It was very likely that whatever was
at work here was probably being done by the same force.

"If this is true your highness, this Final Dungeon Boss must be the key.
We have gone through something similar and it was undone when we killed
the creature. I believe if we try to do just that we will find our way
out."

The prince looked at them and let out a heavy sigh.

"Then we truly are stuck here, we are unaware of its location as of this
moment. We believe we know the general area but last we sent a squadron
of my men out there, they didn't return."

Asahi stared in silence at the prince along with the rest of them.

"Well there's not much to do, I wish to rest for today, I sent enough
man to their deaths at this point and I could use a moment of peace.
Please." Masfrit spoke as he lifted his hand at them letting them know
they should exit the tent.

Asahi bowed as they all made their way out.

Hiromichi turned around and looked at Sayu once they were all outside.

"You know who could save us, that dam Kami should be out there killing
off everything in sight. All we gotta do is wait it out right?!"

Sayu closed her eyes and spoke proudly.

"Of course, his benevolence will easily be able to slaughter this peace.
How like you mortals to wait for the hand of the almighty to intervene
when all hope is lost."

"Tch, the hell you talking like that for again?! You're a real kiss ass
you know that?!"

"How dare you speak to a lady like that! Va te faire enculer!" said
Sebastien coming to Sayu's defense.

"Who the hell are you?!" asked Hiromichi stepping up to face Sebastien.

"Actually who are both of you..." Marie said in a low voice as she
looked at Sebastien and Sayu.

Marie was interested in this Sayu girl considering she spoke like she
knew of Kami's Godly status. The others found it strange but she was
well aware of what she was talking about. She gave the same aura feel
that Kami does when she was around him. Her looks also exceeded anything
she could think of, almost like she was a goddess herself. Sebastien on
the other hand just looked like one of the Prince's soldiers to her.
Marie did not give too much thought into who he was as much as Sayu.

She activated her*[Data]* skill and looked at Sayu's stats only to let
out a small gasp.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Sayu*

LVL: 8

EXP: 178/3200

Title: /Kami's Assistant /

Class: Archangel

HP: 2450/2450

Stamina: 2450/2450

Mana: 2450/2450

Strength: 2450

Endurance: 2450

Intelligence: 2450

Dexterity: 2450

Charisma: 2450

Wisdom: 2450

"Tch, this is Sayu, she's Kami's friend or something wherever they come
from. Not sure who this funny talking bastard is though, what are you
looking at?!"

Marie stared at Sayu for a while. If what she read was true that would
make her a divine being like Kami, or at least a minor one considering
she's just his assistant. She didn't really know what an 'Archangel' is
supposed to be but it was probably a lower-class God she had not heard of.

"Hohoho, do not forget this name you babbling idiot, I am Sebastien
Vautour! Ze greatest archer who ever lived!"

"Everyone, quiet, please." Asahi spoke firmly as everyone instantly
looked at him.

"Now, we cannot depend on Hero Kami to us this time. He might be just as
lost as we are as of this moment. We should talk to the prince when he
is done resting and suggest we launch an attack on the beast. I do
believe right here, stands the strongest adventurer's we have. We will
lead the attack on this monster and make sure we take it out before we
all die in here."

The group stared at each other and some of them nodded their head. They
could agree with this plan.

Marie tighten her grip on her weapon as she looked around. Although she
didn't want to admit it taking on just a Dungeon Boss had taken almost
everything out of them, what would be the chances that they would be
able to take on the Final Dungeon Boss on their own.

How strong would this creature be, would they really be able to defeat
it without Kami's help. She took a good look at Sayu once more and
realized that perhaps the next best person was here, maybe they would be
able to take them out if she decided to help.

Marie walked up to Sayu while the others argue and nudged on her.

Sayu looked back staring down at her like a small creature.

Marie gently bowed as her voice shook with nervousness.

"M-may we speak in private,p-please"

