
Shi yawned as he held the struggling soldier's face in his hand. A black
fog began covering the guard slowly draining him of his life. In only a
matter of a few seconds the guard grew limb and lifeless. Shi dropped
him on the ground as he looked around at the remaining soldiers.

They held their weapons up at him too scared to make a move.

"W-what the hell is he? Our attacks are not phasing him what so ever!"

"Focus, don't let him get inside your head like that and keep your
weapons up!" yelled the female who had called for his arrest.

Shi lifted his hand at the remaining soldiers as he spoke ever so calmly.

"*Death Grip*"

"Agh!"

The soldiers all dropped their weapons as they began squirming in pain
for a few before also falling on the ground completely lifeless.

"So, I can just call any move I come up with something and it'll cast
itself according to what I believe the effect is. This seems a bit too
unfair honestly."

Shi looked over at the female guard who was now the only one standing
alive.

She seemed frozen in disbelief despite what she had told her soldiers.

Shi chuckled at the hypocrisy of it as he walked slowly up to her. He
had no intention of being tossed into a prison because of some rules
about trespassing some unknown stupid mortals had made. All die when he
wishes, Death had no borders.

"Honestly I wished we could have had a friendlier meeting, I just have
no intentions of being imprison."

She held her sword up at him but Shi could tell she was fearful for her
life. Her sword trembled in her hands as he continued to walk up to her.
With the little bit of force of will she had left her voice trembled as
she spoke.

"I-is this another attack by the humans? W-whoever you are I will never
allow you to reach the King!"

Shi stopped a few inches in front of her as he slightly chuckled.

"I have no intention of killing your King, all I wanted was directions,
don't think anyone would mind missing knights, right? I suppose I should
make an effort to cover what I did here."

As he spoke this the corpses of the fallen soldiers began standing. The
soldiers seemed a bit dazed at first as they looked at each other not
completely aware of what was going on.

"Are we not dead?"

Shi looked over at the knights who were confused about what was
happening as he spoke to them.

"Not exactly, you are very well dead mortals. However, I have brought
back your conscious without a soul. You might notice soon the void
feeling inside that you can't get rid of. As of this moment you are my
minions, we will make our way to your city and then you may go about the
rest of your miserable lives, if you could even call it that now. You
will speak nothing of what happened here."

The soldiers as if by instinct bowed at his directions and began walking
towards their horses in silence as if nothing had happened.

The female soldier who had been witness to all this stared in a panic as
she yelled out at her soldiers.

"What do you guys think you're doing!"

There was no response from them as they got on their horses and waited
for Shi's instructions.

A man who not only capable of taking on some of the more elite soldiers
of the kingdom as if they were commoners and also raise them from the
dead only to have them become his minions was beyond belief. She had
heard rumors of a powerful human who had saved the human capital of
Alzel from a dragon attack just by a swing of his sword and was now
almost certain he was this very same person.

It was too much coincidence that another powerful human was also here
now when news of this new Hero emerged. It had to be the same one, and
more than likely he had sided with the humans and was now coming to
attack this nation.

Her grip on the sword tighten as all these thoughts flooded her mind.
She couldn't allow him to have his way. Now with her conviction
suppressing the fear that was flooding her mind she swung her sword down
at Shi while he stared at the soldiers.

"*Divine Gash!*"

Her sword gave a light glow as it made contact with Shi shoulder. The
sword simply went past his shoulder as if Shi was made out of the same
black fog that he had used to kill the soldier just earlier on. The fog
reformed back into his normal looking shoulder with no signs of anything
having hit to begin with.

"Hm? What was that supposed to be? Some Holy elemental physical attack?
In theory I suppose that would work if I was some more common dark
dweller."

She wasn't about to give up, she continued her barrage of attacks on Shi
hoping one of her swings could make contact. It was a fruitless effort
as the same thing continued to happen over and over again as she
frantically swung her sword around.

Shi looked at her with an annoyed stare grabbing onto her sword before
it went through him once more.

"Look, this is pointless why don't you just give up. I'm letting you
live as a sign of good will but you're pushing your luck."

"Y-you're kidding right?! How can I allow someone who has murdered my
entire squadron and is now attempting to head towards the city go by
without a fight?"

Shi sighed as he lifted his hand at her.

"Mortals always make such a hassle. First they don't want to die then
the next thing you know they're throwing their life away for some
self-entitled reason."

She felt an icy cold grasp covering her body. It was like she was
suffocating from lack of air as she began gagging to breathe. It was in
a sense torturous feeling like this as if the very hand of Death was
upon her. Her vision began fading into black and suddenly the pain that
had been suffocating her disappeared along with any feeling in her body.
The pain was gone but so was her vision and sense as her eyes closed and
she drifted into sleep.

It was as if all feeling of time left her as she opened her eyes once
more. Something was strange about the way she felt at that moment.
Almost like an itch she had that she could not reach inside her that
made her feel uncomfortable and a bit unsteady. She sat up staring at
the man in front of her.

Shi looked down at her and spoke.

"Stand, now"

An overwhelming force pushed inside her as she began standing despite
her struggle. It was clear to her that she was no longer in control of
her body, at least, not as long as this man made a demand of her.

"What did you do to me?"

Shi tilted his head slightly as he made his way towards the one
remaining horse that stood there silently. He got on looking down at her
in silence for a bit before speaking.

"Is it not obvious, you're dead. Clearly letting you live was not going
to be an option so I did what I had to do. Now come, we're going to make
our way to the city. As I said before, once we are there you can go
about doing what you usually do for the remainder of your so-called
life. Not a word to anyone about what happened here."

She felt as though she should feel angry or at least fearful about what
this man intended to do when he got to the city but nothing came up.
There was no place in her that felt any remote feeling about anything he
had said. Her conscious screamed that she should fight or disobey this
man but like a good servant, she bowed and approached him.

Shi offered his hand at her as she took it and got on the horse he rode.

Her head was screaming with thoughts of disobedience and all she wanted
to do was run to the city and warn the people of this man's incoming
presence but again, just sat there waiting for any further instructions
from him.

The soldiers began moving in perfect unison back the way they had come
and Shi slowly followed them. He looked back at her and smirked lightly.

"You know,on second thought, becoming King of this world sounds like a
fun idea, perhaps that's the kind of journey I'm looking for."

