
It had been two days since they last made their way to the camp. It was
a slow process but after some convincing the Prince had finally agreed
to an all-out attack. During this time however they had begun noticing a
significant decrease in monsters attacking or spawning.

"Tch, it's gotta be that bastard Kami, he's probably going around
cleaning house. Might as well if he's not going to bother showing up!"
exclaimed Hiromichi as they walked cautiously around the area.

"Sir Kami's ability to stay in combat for this long without stopping
astonishes me. We must make sure to thank him for keeping the area clear
for this amount of time. We wouldn't know what manner of creatures we
would have to deal with on our way to the Final Dungeon Boss otherwise."
spoke Asahi in a firm voice.

Over the course of the last two days, with the sudden decrease in
monsters the Prince was able to send small groups out without much worry
of them being attacked. Yesterday, they had returned with news as to
where they suspected the Final Dungeon Boss was and now with this
information Asahi had pushed forward the idea of an all-out attack which
the Prince, again, was hesitant to do at first.

Asahi could feel if given enough time Kami would probably go on his own
to attack the Final Dungeon Boss but he refused to wait around for that.
He was more than thankful for what he was doing now, how could he just
wait around for him to save him like a damsel in distress.

Many of the adventurers and guards had also taken notice of the lack of
monsters. A lot of them came from Alzel taken the request from the
Adventurer's guild around the time Kami had saved the city. They knew
when they had walked in that Kami must be close by now and word had
traveled that the Hero who had saved the capital was now in this
dungeon. This had elevated the mood around the camp since then and many
of them were more than willing now to go and fight the monster than
before Kami had arrived.

Even though he was not with them as of now, even his presence brought
comfort and strength in others. Asahi chuckled as he thought about this,
truly the Gods chose a great Hero of Tyr.

"Mister Kami has been leveling up since then, I keep getting stronger
thanks to him!" smiled Himari brightly.

Marie looked down at her and smiled back. It was good to see she had
gotten over the fact that she lost to that Dungeon Boss on her own and
the uneasy feeling of being weaker than Kami. It wasn't her fault after
all, trying to compare yourself to a God was not something someone could
easily do. She looked at Sayu noticing she had a sad looking demeanor
about her today.

Marie had pulled her over to question her basically the same way she had
done so with Kami. Unlike him though, Sayu was a bit more forward in her
answers and it seemed like she was too defensive of Kami.

When Marie had mentioned if Goddess Iatra had sent Sayu after Kami to
bring him back to Celestia she had gotten annoyed at her and asked her
how she would dare to think such a small God would be capable of
ordering Kami around. She had quickly changed her demeanor though
keeping her cool and simply letting her know they worked outside of
Goddess Iatra's rule. Marie still had questions about what that even
meant. Kami had said something similar to her once and was now starting
to suspect that perhaps they were not envoy God's sent by Goddess Iatra.
Still, she couldn't help but feel a strong sense of alliance to Kami. If
this was true, then had Kami answered her prayers while Goddess Iatra
had remained silent? Should she be more grateful towards Kami now then
Goddess Iatra? What had she done as of recent when in comparison to
Kami? After all, it was him who was here fighting these monsters with
his own strength risking his life to save them while Iatra was in
Celestia sitting silently in her throne.

Marie shook her head slightly pushing the thought to the back of her
head. This was strange feeling; never before had she questioned her
devotion to Goddess Iatra, why now?

"Madame Sayu, if things get too difficult for you, then do not be afraid
to come to moi. I will protect you with my very life, this I promise!"
spoke Sebastien as he lifted his chest and stared at her.

Sayu simply ignored Sebastien by staring at the wall on the opposite
side of where they walked. It seemed Sayu was feeling a lot more down
recently and even today her attitude seemed a bit saddening compared to
her usual self.

She was feeling a bit upset from being away from Kami despite being in
such a close area. Why had Kami not come for her at least so she would
accompany him? It would not be difficult from what she could tell. He
was running around killing everything in his path as though he had
knowledge of where everything was, he must have known they were here for
the last days. Was he not interested in having her around at all?

Sayu was a bit perplexed at this. Despite her stronger serious
appearance emotionally she probably could not handle much. Ever since
Kami left she learned that she was a bit more unstable in that
department than she thought. In truth she just wanted to go back home
and stand next to Kami as he played his games none end. It had been her
post for millions of years now even more so than she wanted to count and
it was where she was most happy. Having been one of the few angels to
have so much contact with Kami she felt a bit upset the more she thought
about it, as to how easily he could walk away from her over and over.
Had all the time they spent together despite it just being a
creator-createe relationship not meant much outside of that? Her
feelings for Kami where that of a daughter for her father but she
couldn't help but feel she sometimes had to lead the hand of God himself
where she wanted him to go like a mom making sure she won't lose her son
on the way to the store. Even if it had not meant anything what right
did she have to demand more from it anyway. She devoted herself to Kami
so if he wanted to get rid of her she would gladly do so. At least,
that's what she thought before he left that first time.

"What exactly are we gonna do when we find this bastard of a monster?
I'm pretty sure out numbering won't do too much good if it's way above
our level?" Hiromichi spoke snapping the others out of their train of
thought.

"It's quite simple. We have scouts running in the front that are being
led by that young girl, Thief. They will let us know if something comes
up by sending a messenger back to us." spoke Asahi.

"Tch, Thief leading a group of scouts? I've known that girl for about 3
days only worth of time and I have to tell you she's not the most
reliable. Giving her leadership over a group seems like an idiots play
to me." replied Hiromichi in a mocking voice.

"Either way, she was more than happy to take the position, especially
when we mentioned any loot she finds in terms of worth will be split
among her group 70/30, her receiving the 70%. That seemed to be her
motivation behind this but her skills proved she was at least capable of
doing her job. Once we do find anything that needs to be taken down, the
front line and I will take the lead making sure to take any incoming
enemy attacks for the group you should be in Hiromichi. You and the
others will rotate with us as you are the melee fighters of the second
group. Next of course are our range which includes mages, archers, and
our healers. We also decided to run the line a bit thin on the front by
placing a number of warriors on the back that can defend our back line
in case of a surprise attack. From the info the Prince told us there
were a number of monsters that would collapse on groups from the back
while distracted and kill off the back line slowly eliminating their
stronger assets. This will secure enough time for some of us to make our
way to the back as the back line moves up towards the middle. A shield
on both sides to say it in short." explained Asahi starting at the front.

"Tch, that's a lot of information there. Whatever, all I know is I have
to kill some monsters! Leave that shit to me, that's one thing I can do
easily!" Hiromichi grinned pounding his fist against his hand.

"I hope Keishi is alright. He was quite upset when we found him in the
camp. He even decided to stick with the other mages while we came up to
talk. I wonder if he's feeling okay..." Marie said in a worried voice.

"He'll be fine. Today we should focus on fighting this monster so we
might finally find a way out. We can deal with Keishi when we are done
with this creature." replied Asahi.

Suddenly from the far front a small group of people could be seen
running towards them. Asahi assumed this was the group of scouts that
were making their way back to them with information.

When they got closer they stopped in front of him to catch their breath
before saluting him and speaking.

"We believe we've found the Boss monster sir! We made sure to keep a
distance as to not aggro it. There's currently a few of us positioned
around it, keeping check on its status."

Asahi nodded his head as the scout backed off a bit. He turned around as
he looked at the large group of people behind him who had suddenly
stopped along with him.

"Listen up! We are heading into fight! This fight will determine if we
can escape this Dungeon! Give everything you have and remember your
positions, do not break from the plan and fight together as one! Buffs
and over-time healing effects should be applied as of now so we might
launch the strongest possible offensive attack from the beginning. First
group stay in line and minimize the number of enemies that pass through,
this includes the Boss! Second group, rotate to the front when you see
an opening, make your attacks swift and precise and retreat so we might
once again take the full hit of the enemies. Third group, keep a
constant and steady attack on any enemies and make sure to keep an eye
out on the fourth group who will be attempting to protect you from
anyone in the back. Remember, we do this to survive so do not wane on
your attacks if it looks like we are getting nowhere. I will call for a
retreat if it gets too out of hand so keep listening for any further
instructions!"

The group that was listening to Asahi from the beginning nodded their
heads as they wielded their weapons. This was going to be a strike on an
enemy that would determine if they were going to make it out alive, or not.

