
The small army-like group slowly approached the designated area in which
the scouts had told them the Final Dungeon Boss would be. They were
incredibly quiet as the shadow of the loaming creature stood tall over
the Dungeon without making a single movement.

Asahi held his hand up signaling that they should stop advancing. The
first group including Asahi himself lifted their shields at the
creature. Many in this group were simply there due to their tank nature
and would be taking most of the beating.

He had wanted a bit more information on the monster to see what they
were potentially walking into but according to the scouts, the shadow
around the monster prevented them from gathering any information on it,
stopping their [Data] skill from working. It would seem they would have
to attack it first before they could tell anything about it.

The overall group was made of about 92 people which was a lot more than
Asahi thought would be in the campsite to begin with. As of now the
first group was made of about 20 or so. The second group had 15 people
who would be swapping between the first and second. Thirdly, the hard
hitters made up around 35 and the smallest one the fourth group had
around 10 people. The group of scouts had rejoined the forces and would
probably be split between the second and third forces, as most of them
were assassins or archers by nature.

Asahi decided not to put too many of the front line on the back
considering most of the forces from the enemy should be attacking from
the front. The last group was mostly a safety measure against
potentially being attacked from the back. However, if he knows this will
be a waste of resources he will order the last group to move up and
defend along with them strengthening their front.

He continued holding his hand in place waiting to see if the monster
would make any sudden movements. They were close enough for the creature
to notice at this point but it looked like it had no intention of
attacking until they made the first move.

Aware that they would get nowhere from just standing here he turned his
hand into a fist and swiftly lowered it. This was the sign to attack as
the first group let out a roar and struck the monster.

It was quicker than they had expected as it immediately raised its arm
and swung down at the people below it. Some of them were swung back but
most of them managed to maintain themselves on their feet as the shadowy
figured emerged.

It was a Centaur from what Asahi could see. This was strange to him
considering Centaurs were not just mere brainless creatures, centaurs
generally lived in forest areas and mountains if need be. They were also
capable of human speech and were not brainless creatures, therefore this
creature was intentionally here for a reason or other.

It was large and loamed menacingly over them. It had a helmet with horns
resembling those of a goat and wore a light brown fur above his
shoulders but nothing around its chest. Near its waist, where it started
becoming horse more so than human a refine leather cloth hung around it
like a drape of sorts. There was a chain dangling on it and it led
towards the weapon it held. It was a giant battle axe big enough to
easily clear a couple of their sizes in one fell swoop if need be. It
was rough around the edges as though it had seen many previous battles
before this one. Around his arms it had dark metal armor that reached up
to his elbows. It had symbols that Asahi did not recognize but thought
were potentially enchantments placed on it. The eyes that reflected from
the helmet were red with hate as it slowly moved towards them. This
beast was terrifying in presence and gave a strong dark aura.

The Centaur raised its axe over its shoulder as it began to speak in a
deep voice that thundered over them.

"Very well, I have instructions to kill any who wish to fight me. It was
wise to bring numbers but perhaps not so bringing so little."

The first group regained its composure as the ones who had been knocked
back stood up once more and made their way back to the front, lifting
their shields once more with conviction.

The third group immediately lifted their weapons and began their barrage
of attacks.

"*Fire!*"

"*Arrow Strike!*"

"*Armor Break!*"

"*Slow!*"

"*Ice!*"

"*Dark Stream!*"

The Centaur stood tall taking all their attacks unfazed by any of them.

It was as if they were effortlessly swinging at the wind.

It raised its axed into the air as the first group braced itself for an
attack.

"*Battle Cry!*"

"*Guard Up!*"

"*Overshield!*"

"*Diminish Harm!*"

In one quick motion the centaur lowered its axe down at them and
instantly killed the ones who were struck. It wasn't the end there
though as the force of his blow sent a a wave of energy towards the back
line killing the ones that were on its way.

The small army sized group began panicking as they saw their comrades
taken down instantly in one shot without much effort. It was a sight to
behold as they froze in fear.

Asahi pressed his teeth together in anger as he saw this and yelled out.

"Someone stat update on this monster!"

Marie who stood on the third group activated her*[Data] *skill and let
out a gasp.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Centaur (Legendary) *

LVL: 50

EXP:56891/105000

Title:/Heavy Bladed War Centaur /

Class: Berserker/ Final Dungeon Boss

HP: 5926/5926

Stamina: 5910/5910

Mana: 4398/4398

Strength: 5924

Endurance: 5893

Intelligence: 4243

Dexterity: 5901

Charisma: 5003

Wisdom: 4427

Others who were also capable of seeing this monsters' stats let out a
cry as they saw the full power of this creature. Not only was it a
legendary being, but it also contained a Class and was a Final Dungeon
Boss.

Marie gulped as she noticed Sayu standing a few yards in front of her in
the second group. She believed that if worst came to worse she would be
the one to take it out consider her stats were the best ones here. Now
though that she saw how strong it was, she realized Sayu would be
incapable of even hurting it. Not to mention this was far stronger than
what Kami had been last time she saw him.

This creature was being powered up significantly with all its boosts.
Legendary creatures themselves get a 20% stat increase compared to the
basic one. A Final Dungeon Boss Class gets an additional 60% stat
increase within its own domain. Having Berserker Class as well gave it
an edge over other creatures as most stats, even for humans, came from
their own Class. This monster of a creature was practically stacked with
a powerful boost that made them all much less significant than what she
had expected. If it just didn't have the Berserker Class it might have
been more manageable for them and would have been able to play around Sayu.

Marie bit her lip seeing how this had turned out for the worst.

"W-we have to retreat sir, there's no way we can beat that monster. Its
worst stat is in the 4000's. There's no way we'll even scratch a
creature like this!"

"There's no way we'll win, we have to run as fast as we can!"

"4-4000's?! You're kidding me! We have to run now!"

Asahi's forehead began sweating as he kept his eyes on the creature in
front of him. He knew the creature would be stronger than them which is
why so many people were here, but he didn't calculate that it would be
this strong. These types of numbers were beyond anything he had ever
heard of. Would Kami even be able to hurt this creature as well? It
would seem to them they would have to make a quick retreat, even before
they got anything seriously started.

Almost as if reading the situation, the Centaur slammed his axe on the
ground as a large purple wall surrounded the group and the Centaur. It
spoke once more with a thundering voice as it lifted its axe yet again.

"Face your deaths with honor humans. Do not flee as you have chosen this
fate yourselves."

