
Asahi ran up to the beast as he yelled out.

"*Shield Bash!*"

His shield gave a light glow slamming it against the front of the Centaur.

Once again, the Centaur stood unaffected by his attack raising its free
hand and swiping down on Asahi.

Asahi twisted the shield to his side as the blow from the Centaurs hit
sent him flying to the side. It was like the Centaur was simply swatting
away a fly that was annoying him.

The rest of the first group broke in cold sweat attempting to hold their
shields up trying to make sure they wouldn't be the next ones in its
target list.

Everyone knew that at this point they were incapable of running away.
This barrier was preventing them from escaping and as long as the
Centaur wanted they would stay in there until it chose to kill them all.

"Fight with everyone you have humans. I assure you that I will drag this
until you are completely hopeless. Only then will I deliver you onto the
hands of death."

The Centaur stood still once more looking down at them.

"F-fight! We have to live remember! W-we can't die here yet!" yelled out
a random adventurer.

Suddenly there was an outcast of skills being launched at the Centaur
once more. Hopeless as it was they still wanted to survive and they
would give it their all if it meant that there was only a small chance
of getting out.

Hiromichi ran up to the Centaur as he jumped onto the air nearing its face.

"Tch! I'm the Wild Beast Tamer of the North and there's no way in hell a
creature like you is going to show me off. I'll kill you myself if I
have to! *Claw Strike!*"

He swung his arm at the Centaurs face only to recoil backwards from the
sturdiness of its helmet.

"Son of a-"

It was all he managed to say as the Centaur launched Hiromichi against
the barrier with a swift movement of his axe. Luckily the Centaur had
decided to hit him only with the hilt of his weapon as Hiromichi hit the
barrier and fell down onto the ground.

"Agh! M...mother...ugh..."

Hiromichi rolled on the ground for a bit before the Centaur spoke once
again.

"Is there no one among you who stands out? Face me with everything
otherwise, this can't possibly be it."

The attacks slowly came to a halt as they began losing hope that their
attacks would do anything. The adventures began to panic and began
backing away from the Centaur as slow as they possibly could.

Himari frowned as she lifted her staff and yelled out.

"*Witch Doll!*"

Once more the small little doll appeared in front of her as she nodded
her head at it. The Witch Doll began running up to Centaur readying
itself for its self-destruct ability. Once it was close enough it jumped
onto the air and caused a large explosion.

The explosion was big enough that the rest of the group had to cover
themselves up from it. The front line was knocked back from the blast as
they stared at the red flames engulfing the Centaur in front of them.

"H-holy crap what was that?"

"T-that little girl just casted some weird magic. That was too powerful
for someone her age."

"W-wait was she not with the Hero of Tyr back in the capital."

"Y-yeah and so was that big guy who got knocked down claiming to be the
Wild Beast Tamer of the North"

"And that front liner...Asahi...wasn't he some big shot adventurer years
back?"

"T-those are some crazy strong people following him...but even so..."

The flames were instantly put out as the Centaur swung his axe. The mere
force of his swing created the winds necessary for the fire to be
extinguish. It spoke once again as it looked over at Himari.

"Interesting, weak but much more impact than anything else here. Is that
all then? Is there nothing else anyone has to give...very well then."

Himari frowned at seeing this and grew a bit upset once more. No matter
how much stronger she got there was always something far bigger than
her. This was probably not the time for her to throw a tantrum but the
only reason why she reacted this way was because she wished to save
everyone here. She turned to look at Marie who she stood next to and spoke.

"I'm sorry Miss Marie. I'm not strong enough yet."

Marie looked back at her and simply smiled back weakly.

"It's okay, we're going to get through this and you'll have your chance
to prove yourself, I promise."

Himari smiled back and nodded her head. There was a sense of dread that
covered both of them knowing that this was more than likely going to be
where they died but it was comforting that they had each other's back.

The Centaur wished to drag this as much as possible. In nature it had
seen many fights across time. Its purpose once had been to find warriors
across Tyr who are mighty and fight them. It had gone across all of Tyr
at some point challenging many powerful warriors but had always bested
them all. However, it had come to a point where it felt unfulfilled by
his strength and now desired to meet someone who could give him a
challenge. It had been a long time since he had met anyone worthy so it
always took his time fleshing out his enemy's strength and testing them.
He was once more, disappointed.

"I shall make your deaths quick then out of respect for the few who
stood up to fight."

Its axe began glowing red as it lifted its axe to the side, swinging his
axe horizontally across the first group. Just like that a splurge of
blood rained on the others in the back. Many stood frozen in fear once
more at the sight of this. Again, in one simple swing of his axe the
Centaur had completely eliminated everyone in the front line.

"W-we're going to die...haha.."

"Please Goddess Iatra...spare us from this monsters' wrath!"

The group began pushing itself back in panic attempting to run away.

Somewhere along the crowd Thief activated her *[Stealth]* and got as far
back to the edge of the barrier that she could. She was completely
terrified and all she could hope is that the monster would be unable to
see her and she could at least escape.

"N-not again...why am I facing another incredibly strong monster like
this again, ku"

She spoke in fear as she closed her eyes. She wished Kami would make his
way once more like he had back then when they had faced the dragon but
no one came this time.

The Centaur slowly made his advancement towards the second group as they
also started to retreat. Everyone except one person, Sayu.

Sayu lifted her hand in front of her as a sword in flames appeared once
more.

She raised her voice at the Centaur as the area around her began to glow.

"*Divine State*"

Suddenly she was covered in a blinding light as a pair of wings made of
pure energy appeared from her back. The others stared at her in awe and
disbelief. It was like a Goddess herself had descended onto them and was
now standing as their protector.

"W-who is SHE now?"

"I don't know but do you feel that power?"

"That's divine strength...it has to be."

Sayu stared at her arms as the familiar aura of God's Divinity
surrounded her. It was much weaker than Kami's for sure, by a long
stretch but she could feel the similarity. This skill had appeared on
her when she reached Level 5. She was unsure of how it got there but if
she had been reading through all her skills and information on her
status and if she had learned everything correctly so far, this was a
Class Ability. Since she was an Archangel she naturally had a form of
divine power about her despite no longer being doused with God's Divinity.

*[Divine State]* was her own personal toggle Skill that worked similar
to God's Divinity. Her stats would double as of now for a cost of Mana
and Stamina per second. She knew now that she had a certain amount of
time before she would lose this state so she needed to act quickly.

Marie stared as she activated her *[Data]* skill to see what was
happening. She let out a sigh of relief as she read through her stats.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Sayu *

LVL: 8

EXP: 178/3200

Title:/Kami's Assistant/

Class: Archangel

HP: 4900/4900

Stamina: 4850/4900

Mana: 4850/4900

Strength: 4900

Endurance: 4900

Intelligence:4900

Dexterity: 4900

Charisma: 4900

Wisdom: 4900

She was still weaker than the Centaur but at least now there was a bit
more of a fighting chance. Knowing who Sayu and Kami were, she knew how
powerful and devastating their attacks could be so she hoped that made
up for the difference in stats.

The Centaur stared down at the glowing figure below him as he gave a
slight chuckle. He could feel the energy that radiated from her reaching
him and it was impressive to say the least. He felt a rush of excitement
as he raised his axe. This power was familiar to him yet much stronger
at its core, somewhat reminiscent of the past.

"I've spoken too soon, maybe there is some worth in this group, fine
then, face me human whose power ascends to Godhood."

Sayu raised her sword as she ran towards the Centaur, readying herself
for the fight.

