
Time was short as she ran up to the Centaur. Only a small window
presented itself and she would have to make the best of it.

The Centaur braced itself for the incoming attack as it spoke loudly.

"Hit me with everything you have!"

Sayu lifted sword swinging it down at the Centaur in one swift strike.

However, the Centaur reaction was quick as well as he managed to block
her sword strike with the hilt of his giant axe.

"*Axe Counter.*"

There was a force that came out from the axe that struck Sayu as she was
pushed back. She wasn't sure what had just happened but she couldn't
afford to stand around and figure it out.

Sayu raised her sword at the ceiling as a light appeared above the Centaur.

"*Holy Strike!*"

A light fell down upon the Centaur covering him in a burning bright wave
of energy.

The Centaur seemed only slightly affected as he raised his axe holding
with both his hands and spoke out.

"*Riled Blitz*"

There was an enormous amount of energy that exploded from within the
Centaur as it began covering his entire body. It wildly circled around
him as the Centaur lowered his body. Sayu immediately realized what was
happening when she saw the angle in which he was moving.

She was aware of what he was planning to do as she looked back at the
rest of the people behind her. Dodging his attack would be easy enough
but if she did everyone behind her would suffer and more than likely be
killed.

Sayu frowned at the thought of this as she lifted her weapon in a
defensive motion. As foolish as she thought many of Kami's creations
were, she hated seeing them be killed aimlessly. She wished she had her
full power this moment to stop the Centaur in its tracks but for now
this will be the best she can do.

The Centaur began charging forward as the ground around it began
splitting. The energy circulated violently around him as he headed
towards Sayu.

"N-no way she's going to stop that, she's going to die!"

"We're all going to die! The Centaur is going to trample over her and
keep heading towards us!"

The group behind them began to panic as they tried there hardest to
escape but it was no good, the barrier held them in place no matter how
much they struggled.

Sayu's sword began to glow as her wings expanded creating a disarray of
gleaming light.

"*Luminant Barricade*"

A large screen condensed of the same energy her wings were made from
sprung forth creating a form of wall between the charging Centaur and
them. It seemed thin and fragile but it gave an awe inspiring glow.

The Centaur made no hesitation to stop as it slammed with full force
against the barrier. It released all the energy it had as it collapsed
with the wall Sayu had created.

It was an amazing spectacle as the two forms of energy collided. The
Centaur pushed with all its might as the barrier showed no signs of
breaking.

Sayu gave a sigh of relief as she began working on what to do next.

Sayu raised the sword above her head as she swung it down at the ground.
There was a large tremor almost like an earthquake that shook the floor
underneath them all as it began cracking.

The Centaur took notice of what she was doing but continued pushing
himself and all the energy he had stored against the barrier. It slowly
started showing signs of giving in as it began cracking down under the
pressure of the Centaur.

"It's not going to hold!"

Sayu frowned as she heard them screaming once more in despair. She was
in the same situation here she could see what was happening. Was there
really any need for them to comment on what she could clearly see?

The barrier Sayu made began crumbling slowly as the energy caused by the
Centaur began leaking in towards their side creating a current of
violent air. Everyone covered themselves in fear of having any of that
hit them.

Sayu was not about to go down so easily as she lowered her weapon and
slammed her hand against the ground.

"*Searing Geyser!*"

From the crevices caused by Sayu's sword the area began glowing red as a
hot searing fire sprouted from the ground covering the Centaur in an
infernal abyss of flames.

The Centaur let out a yell of pain retreating from the faltering
barrier. The pain it was suffering right now interrupted his attack but
it still seemed more than capable of recovering as it looked back at Sayu.

"Not good enough!" it yelled out as the flames continued to burn onto
his skin.

Sayu raised her hand at the Centaur once more and spoke loudly.

"*Holy Fire!*"

The fire covering the Centaur increased in magnitude and became almost
blinding as everyone covered their faces in fear of losing their sight.
There was an overwhelming heat that could be felt as the Centaurs roars
intensified before growing quiet once more.

The blinding light of the fire died down as the rest of Sayu's barrier
came crumbling down.

She stood there staring into the sea of flames in front of her for any
signs of the Centaur. There was no movement what so ever as she gave a
sigh of relief.

The rest of the people who were now opening their eyes and looking at
the spectacle in front of them stared in amazement.

"W-who the hell is that?"

"I- I saw her stats, t-they're insane 4900's and she still managed to
beat that Centaur on her own."

"She's also that Hero of Tyr's assistant. Hero Kami was it, it's in her
title!"

The groups fear over the Centaur began fading as they saw the
demonstration of power Sayu had displayed. Their fears soon turned to
laughter's and eventually a loud cheering roar.

Sayu stood still unable to fully grasp what was happening. This was a
strange feeling to her, being cheered for. In all her existance it had
always been Kami who had been shown any signs of gratitude. It was not
like she wished they would cheer for her instead or anything but it was
nothing she had personally experience before.

She stood feeling a bit confused and suddenly her face was warm. She
clapped her cheeks as she looked around at the crowd who continued to
cheer for her and yell out her name.

"Sayu, Sayu, Sayu!"

This was a warm feeling and she felt a bit embarrassed as she continued
to look around.

"N-no, K-kami deserves all the glor-"

The crowd moved forward running up to her to congratulate their hero.
She was unable to speak as the crowd circled around her.

Sayu was a bit perplexed at what was happening as some familiar faces
made their way to the front.

"Ah, madame Sayu I knew you were a woman of much beauty but such
strength as well. You are indeed exquisite fair dame!"

Asahi made his way over to them as he carried Hiromichi by the shoulder.
He gave a slight chuckle as he dropped him gently in front of them.

"It appears Sir Kami has a number of powerful friends."

Marie was relieved to see her father and Hiromichi where alright as she
clapped lightly. She would expect nothing less from someone who was
closely tied with Kami.

Hiromichi sat on the ground rubbing his head as he looked up at Sayu.

"S-shit kid, that's some powerful crap you have there, you look almost
like a divine being."

Sayu looked down at herself as she realized she still had her *[Divine
State] *skill toggled. Kami had told her she should try to remain
conspicuous about the fact that they come from outside this universe.
She frowned as she thought about him, thinking he would be disappointed
for making it so obvious.

Himari who had been standing next to Marie this whole time smiled at her
as well.

"Miss Sayu is powerful like Mister Kami. I'll be strong like you two one
day!"

The crowd was drunk of the atmosphere as Sayu turned around and stared
at the flames. She felt the presence that she dreaded was still there as
she turned and yelled out.

"Run back now!"

It was too late. The Centaur leaped into the air as the same energy that
he had before surrounded him once more..

Sayu quickly grabbed onto whoever was close as she dropped her wings on
top of them along with herself.

The Centaur came crashing down on them causing a large crater.

Sayu felt the force of impact hit her wings as she tried to resist the
damage. It was hurting her as she continued to hold onto the two people
she had barely managed to save.

It grew quiet for a bit afterwards as she lifted her injured wings and
took a look around.

The crowd of people who had just been surrounding her giving her their
thanks were now all dead in just one shot. She looked down at Marie and
Himari laying limbless on the ground, also now just corpses, despite her
efforts to save them.

Sayu looked up at the Centaur who loomed over her as he lifted his axe.

A dark-red eerie aura surrounded him as he looked back down at her and
spoke.

"Unfortunate, human, but everything you just fought to protect, is now
dead."

