
Sayu couldn't understand what had just happened. She stood up confused
as she raised her sword once more facing the Centaur. There was very
little room for error and she could swear that should have been enough
to kill the Centaur. Was she really that much weaker than him?

The feelings of confusion were washed away by frustration and a guilty
feeling inside her. Having all those people die on her watch was
infuriating. She was more than willing to have these mortals have died
off if it was under the command of Kami, after all she believed he
always had a reason for doing such things if it came down to it, but
this was pointless slaughter to her. The deaths were tragic in her book
but more so the fact that she felt responsible to keep them alive and
now having failed that made her feel the worst.

Sayu looked up at the Centaur once more as her anger boiled over.

The Centaur simply raised his axe as he spoke once more.

"I see you are not pleased with the death of your comrades."

"Their deaths are more annoying than anything. It's the fact that I
failed to do my responsibility as an Archangel that upsets me the most."
Sayu spoke as she swung her sword at him.

The Centaur blocked it with the hilt of his axe and said outloud.

"*Axe Counter*"

Once again, Sayu was pushed back by the force that came out from his
weapon. She figured it would happen again but more than anything she
just wanted to swing her weapon down on this stupid creature. She pulled
up her Status real quick to check the damage and how long it would take
for her [Divine State] to run out.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Sayu *

LVL: 8

EXP: 178/3200

Title: /Kami's Assistant /

Class: Archangel

HP: 2856/4900

Stamina: 3804/4900

Mana: 2946/4900

Strength: 4900

Endurance: 4900

Intelligence:4900

Dexterity: 4900

Charisma: 4900

Wisdom: 4900

She still had time left in this state. If she couldn't beat him now then
much less when it was too late. Still she couldn't get the idea of her
mind that she should have killed the Centaur back then.

These past few days she had been asking around and learning about how
this worlds rules work. Even if her stats were less than the Centaurs it
would have been possible for her to defeat him if her Skill's Level was
high enough. There were other factors like her gear and weapon that
would come to play as well so looking at straight numbers could be
deceiving. Considering her *[Searing Geyser]* and *[Holy Fire] * were
maxed she would have thought the single combination of these two skills
would have done more than enough damage. Not to mention her weapon which
she learned in this world would be considered something around the range
of an Arms weapon, which was supposed to be the highest level of weapons
here. She learned of its ability to increase all Holy and Fire Damage by
a significant 300% as well as reduce the cost of her skills around those
elements by half. When she had casted her*[Holy Strike]* skill she found
it suspicious that the Centaur had not taken more damage either, which
means the Centaur is wielding overwhelming gear like her or he's got an
ability that is helping him out.

She frowned in annoyance at the thought that this weapon of hers would
be considered one of the most powerful weapons in this Universe. It
showed her exactly how little the mortals of this world knew. This was a
basic sword many other angels received when training it would have made
her sneer out loud if it wasn't for the fact that she was still in a
dire situation. She had attempted to bring forth her original weapon but
it appeared that it was difficult for her to summon it in her current
state.

Sayu looked around at the corpses around her and was reminded of where
she was.

"I presume you are wondering how your attacks have had little impact on
me" spoke the Centaur as though reading her mind.

Sayu glared at the Centaur in silence as she held her sword at him. She
wasn't about to let her guard down considering she could potentially die
as well.

"Very well I might as well confess, since the information would not give
you the edge either way. It is one of my passives acquired through my
Berserker Class, *Will to Fight and Live*. Had it not been for this
passive of mines you would have done significant more damage, not to
mention it allows me to maintain myself at just 1 HP for a duration of 5
minutes. Although your attacks should have killed me, my passive will
secure my victory at the end."

Sayu frowned yet again when she learned this. Could she drag this fight
long enough at this point. She guessed at this point in the battle his
passive had activated and was in effect which means she would have to
keep him in bay for 3-4 minutes. The longer she could drag it the safer
her next move would be but it was a risky play. Every second that passed
also affected her own skill, [Divine State].

She gripped her sword as she lifted it towards the ceiling. Sayu made up
her mind, she would have to stall it as much as possible.

"*Lucent Chains*"

The Centaur had his attention focused on the ceiling imaging her next
attack would come from the top. This was of course a distraction Sayu
had played on him. The ground broke as a multitude light energy chains
sprung forth from the ground below it and began wrapping themselves
around him.

He struggled to break free but the amount of chains that continued to
explode from the ground were endless as they continued to hold him down.
Soon it was almost impossible for him to make his next move as he stared
at Sayu

"Hmph, I wish more than anything I could swing my sword across your
throat but for now I will have to satisfy myself with seeing you in
chains."

The Centaur continued looking at her as he let out a menacing laugh.

"*Bloodlust Limiter*"

There was a huge explosion of energy that erupted forth from the Centaur
as the chains began breaking under the pressure of his strength. The
energy covering him gave him a distinct dark tint blood color. His size
seemed to have increased as well as the last of the chains that were
holding him back fell to the ground and disappeared.

"You are not the only one with a skill to increase your strength mortal.
This power I wield is thanks to the dark gods who I now serve. Feel
their wrath."

The axe came swinging down in a blink of an eye right above her head.

Sayu's reaction was too slow due to being surprised at how easily the
Centaur had broken out of her skill as she felt someone tackle her out
of the way.

It was a near call as the axe hit the ground breaking apart the entire
floor around them causing the walls around them to shake.

Sayu laid on the floor as he saw who had been the one to save her from
the attack and recognize the face.

It was Asahi who was badly injured and bleeding from his face and body.
Part of his armor was completely shredded and his large shield had been
cut down more than half. He took deep breaths as he coughed and looked
at Sayu with his one remaining eye. The other looked like it had been
removed as part of his bone was exposed around the area.

Sayu as surprised to see he was alive and her feeling of guilt settled a
bit. She was trying to focus on the fight in front of her that she had
been able to suppress her feelings.

Asahi looked at her and spoke in a meager voice.

"T-that monster...killed my daughter...Lady Sayu...please... do
everything in your power to slay it. Do not let your guard down. This is
all the strength I have to give, make it...count"

With those last words Asahi collapsed on the ground. She checked on him
to see if he was still alive. He was breathing but it was unsteady and
he was losing a lot of blood.

Sayu raised her hand at Asahi as she spoke.

"Stupid human, I would have survived that attack either way, *Divine
Touch*"

There was a glow that surrounded Asahi as his wounds began to close. The
skin around his face regrew as well as his missing eye. His body began
looking healthy once more as his breathing became steady.

Sayu gave a small smile that only lasted for a second as she stood up.
This was all she could do for now.

"There was one still alive then, I must be losing my sense of fighting."

The Centaur looked around the corpses that laid around the dungeon for a
few before looking back at Sayu once more.

"No one else alive to aid you this time. Shall we continue then?"

Sayu raised her sword once again as the flames intensified. She was just
about done listening to this guy speak. His last words would be cut
short by her sword, she swore this.

