
Sayu and the rest stared at the city of Alzel as it became visible in
the distance. The sun was beginning to set over the horizon as they
continued down the path that would reach the city.

Most of them were excited to make their way back to their homes in the
city. They were buzzing with conversation unlike Sayu and the rest of
the group.

They remained silent as they thought about Kami and where he had gone.

"Tch, so who's up for some drinks and food tonight?! I don't have any
money on me but I'm sure if Sayu here asks for some donations they would
gladly take it as donation to the Gods" Hiromichi grinned trying to
bring up the mood.

Thief's eyes sparkled as she saw Sayu in a whole new light.

"Forget the Hero of Tyr! Sayu's a walking gold mine,ku ku!" Thief said
aloud as she salivated at the thought of all the money she would make.

Hiromichi smacked the back of Thief's and yelled out at her.

"Dam you're freaking annoying! You don't have to be here anymore why
don't you go mix in with the rest of the crowd back there you free loader!"

"O-ow! You big meanie! I thought I was part of the gang now don't I
deserve some of the goods?! Besides did you suggest she get money
because YOU don't have any? Who's the freeloader now,ku ku!"

Hiromichi and Thief continued to bark at each other along the way while
the rest of the group laughed at them.

It wasn't long before they reached the checkpoint to enter the city.
There were guards standing blocking the path infront of them.

Sayu looked up as the guards raised their hands and spoke.

"Halt! By order of the King Mellius no one is to come through!"

"Is that so" spoke a voice from the back.

It was Prince Masfrit who made his way to the front for the first time
with his soldiers by his side. He stood tall and with confidence almost
looking down on the man in front of him.

"I am Prince Masfrit of the Ducuria Kingdom! Has father gone mad? Not
allowing people through? Speak guard, what is the reason."

The guard looked troubled at the other guard before speaking.

"We're not sure your highness, we were just given instructions to follow."

The prince pondered for a second before shaking his hand.

"I shall speak to father personally about this, for now, allow us all to
enter. We've been trapped for more than 2 weeks in that accursed Dungeon
and I believe we all deserve to be home now."

The guards looked at each other once more as they stood in silence.

"Well, go on then, move or we will move you."

They lowered their heads and moved aside as the crowd slowly made their
way into the city.

"That's a bit weird, why the hell would the King close off the city like
that, royalties are mad I tell you." spoke Hiromichi outloud.

The prince chuckled as he heard him and spoke.

"Mad, are we? Well perhaps you're not too far off, it is strange that
father has closed off the city. I was told that the city had been
attacked by a dragon and a certain Hero by the name of Kami had been the
one to save it, am I correct?"

They looked at each other as they nodded their heads in agreement.

"Ah, so this very man is being claimed to be the Hero of Tyr and you the
Goddess which brings him his blessing."

Sayu stared at the prince as he looked at her.

The prince gave a light chuckle once more.

"I suppose we are indebted to you for taking care of that monster.
However, I'm not sure I can so easily believe you are a Goddess, no
matter how beautiful and strong you are. Gods do not tend to come to our
world and meddle in our affairs, they influence our realm from a distance."

The rest of them looked at each other again and agreed.

Gods and Goddess did not live in the mortal realm as they called it.
They had their own plain of existence in which they inhabited. Their
realm was known to mortals as OtherWorld. Within OtherWorld existed
Celestia which is where Goddess Iatra claimed domain. It was told that
whatever God claimed the throne of Celestia was the ruler of all Tyr.
For this reason, many worshipped Goddess Iatra as the Goddess above all
other Gods.

On the other hand of the spectrum God of Calamity ruled over Abyss which
also existed with OtherWorld. Abyss was essentially were all Gods who
were not under Celestia's rule would live. The throne to Abyss was said
to give which ever God claimed the throne powers that would equal those
of the one of Celestia. However, for centuries now this had not been the
case. The Gods of Celestia had considerably weaken the Abyss and the
power it provided to the one true Dark God was diminished.

In return God of Calamity had been trying to claim the throne of
Celestia and the Abyss for thousands of years. After a long struggle he
overthrew the last Dark God of the Abyss and claimed the throne as his
own. He turned his attention towards Celestia but as he found out, his
power was still too low for such an ambitious plan.

Every so often though a new God would be born into the mortal realm, and
they would live in it until the Abyss or Celestia would eventually claim
that God into their own army. Celestia tended to be more towards
allowing Gods to join while the Abyss generally forced Gods into their
army. Once a God has been thrown into a side they receive the mark of
either Abyss or Celestia.

"If it's true you are a God, may I ask, is it true the cities are paved
with the finest jewels humanity has ever seen? Such treasure would be
better spent giving it off the ones in need, do you not agree?"

Thief's eyes glowed once more as she began to giggle deviously.

Sayu frowned her eyebrows and remained quiet.

The prince smiled at her deciding to change the topic.

"Sir Asahi, where is this Hero Kami you spoke highly off. Many of the
people here suspected he would have showed up back at the Dungeon when
they learned Goddess Sayu was Kami's Assistant I believe was the title."

Asahi gently bowed before speaking.

"We're not sure exactly, your highness. We hope where ever he is though
that the blessings of Goddess Iatra are with him."

"Ha, stupid mortals." Sayu mumbled in a low voice.

The prince and the others heard what she said as they looked at each
other with a worried expression.

Upsetting a God was definitely not in their interest.

The gathering of people continued to walk along the roads of the city of
Alzel. Some of them had gone about their own way now figuring was a good
time to just disband and head on home. Others choose to remain together
and follow Sayu and the prince, to see what was next.

It was almost lifeless around the city; besides them, there was not much
sign of anyone else walking about. It was getting dark and the streets
were empty and silent giving of a ghost town vibe.

"The hell is with this place. I know there was a dragon attack two weeks
ago but now it looks like everyone is too scared to come out." spoke
Hiromichi as he looked around.

"Perhaps there was another incident besides the dragon attack that we do
not know of. Let us make haste to the castle and find our answers there."

It was a strange feeling of loneliness as they decided to make their way
towards the castle. Something was going on in this city that was causing
such a dampen mood and the prince wanted to find out.

The time passed rather quickly as they finally reached the castle and
made their way inside. The larger group of people were forced to wait
outside while the prince allowed Sayu and her companions inside.

Even inside the castle which was usually much brighter and had much more
upbeat feel to it was now desolant and gloomy. There was barely any
light illuminating the way towards the throne room as the prince made
his way inside.

They looked around and saw that it was empty besides one shadow that sat
in the middle of the room where the throne was.

Prince Masfrit gave a delightful smile as he recognized the man but
suddenly stopped.

"F-father what has happened to you?"

The man in front of him was worn out, with bags under his eyes and lack
luster eyes that had the light removed from them. His appearance was
sloppy at best and his hair had lost all signs of color giving it a
messy grey look.

The King raised his eyes at his son and gave him vicious stare.

A second shadow appeared from behind the Kings throne as it stood next
to the King. It was a masked man who stood tall, loaming over the area
with confidence.

"Who are you?" asked Prince Masfrit in confusion.

Sayu suspected something off was going on here as she looked around the
area preparing for anything.

The rest of them realized it as well as the grew defensive.

"Foolish boy, why did you not die back at the Dungeon, very well then,
you shall meet your end here along with those behind you!" spoke the King.

From the shadows emerged dark figures with glowing red eyes that
staggered 10 feet tall over them. They were like blobs made of pure
darkness that slowly moved towards them.

The group slowly backed away as they stared at the monsters surrounding
them.

"Such a shame, once we get rid of everyone in this Kingdom, we.'ll just
have to start another Dungeon all over again." spoke the man in the mask

