
Kami blinked a few as he looked around. He was confused about what had
happened once he had revived everyone. All he remembers was that his
skill had gone off and poof, standing right here.

/Ah great what now... /

The area around him was covered in fog that surrounded him. The sky
above was bright and way closer than what it should be. It was as though
he was standing on the clouds in the sky. There were no signs of any
other life from what he could tell as he started walking around.

/I was just about to show myself and Hero mode in front of everyone as
well 'It was I who brought you all back to life!'. That's probably
ruined now. Hmmm, would bringing them all back to life have been a Hero
move though, seems something a God would do instead, right? Maybe it was
for the best that I was brought here...somehow. /

It was a peaceful place now that he took a closer look. It brought
calmness into his heart and almost made him smile. The closest he could
describe this place would be Heaven in terms of ambiance. Looks though
he felt it was a bit lacking. Then again, he spent a large part of his
existence taking care of Creation from a white room so, who was he to
judge.

"Hyaaaaaah, out of the way!"

There was a swooping noise as a young boy came crashing onto the ground
only to disappear into the fog.

Kami stared dumbfounded wondering what was going on.

There was silence again for a few before the boy's head popped out from
the fog. He had messy green hair and his eyes glowed a light lavender
color with a mixture of red.

He stood up as Kami took notice of what he was wearing. It was some
fancy light tunic giving off a verdant glimmer. Around his wrists he had
cuff lings that emanated light. It was hard to see what he was wearing
at the bottom since the fog was too dense.

Kami stared at the young kid who he presumed looked around fifteen or
sixteen in age.

"Tada! Not impressed? Come on most humans we bring here give a better
reaction!"

He swung his body back and forth as he grinned at Kami.

"Where exactly is this anyway?"

"Bingo! That's a question, this is Otherworld! Specifically, Celestia,
Real of Goddess Iatra and her allegiance of Gods!"

Kami looked around once more before returning his attention towards the
young boy.

"Oh, me! I am known as the God of Joy! Name's Asobi, pleasure to meet
you human!" he offered his hand as he smiled brightly at Kami.

Kami took his hand and smiled back.

"Pleasure"

"Hahaha! You must be wondering why you're here, well let's see. How
about we go get some grub and talk about it, what do you say?!" Asobi
clapped his hands.

He licked his lips at the thought of eating food and procrastinating on
his duties.

Kami thought about it for a second and nodded his head.

"Yeah, I can go for some food, mind talking about what I'm doing here
while we walk there?"

"Eh?! Walk, that's too slow, but whatever. Humans do that kind of stuff
right, okie, let's walk!"

Kami tilted his head at the thought of this. He never really did
consider walking something a human solely does. Sure, it wasn't any
faster than just teleporting somewhere but sometimes a nice walk was the
best choice for him. Either way, he followed after the boy who had taken
of in a fast pace.

"Here's the deal! Goddess Iatra has taken notice of you since you saved
the City of Alzel, she sends her thanks for that by the way, she's also
been detecting a number of Divine level energy being used in the mortal
realm. Care to share?"

"I'm not exactly sure what I have to say."

"Ha, okie, so I see here you don't have a Class yet so you can't be a
new God that's appeared in the mortal realm, your stats are WAY too high
for a normal human. We do believe you have the potential to become a God
though and that's why you're here! Don't pick a Class just yet, keep
going at it till that God Class pops up!"

Kami smirked at the thought of this. Was Goddess Iatra trying to recruit
him for the future? The thought of this was somehow funny to him. He
could almost see himself standing on the side lines as the Goddess sat
on her throne. A little bit of a comedical turn around in his book.

"Is that really the only reason why I'm here? Nothing else? I was kind
of in the middle of something..."

"Oh you mean that Dungeon thingy? That was taken care of already, that
girl, Sayu was it, she's got some potential too, you two are strange, we
can't get a reading where you come from, so no, not the only reason why
you're here!"

Kami waited for the boy to continue as he mindlessly smiled.

"Right, still me! Okie, so now I ask the questions, who are you two?
It's not easy skipping info over Celestia so you two must be really good
at it. Was it because of that meteor, you're not from a different
planet, we've accounted for those."

Kami pondered what his reply should be. There was no way he could
directly lie to him so he would have to say something that would be
difficult to prove.

"I'm from another universe. I was transported here, not sure how I got
here."

"Oh, another one like that! We haven't had one of those in centuries.
What was her name, that Grand Hero of Past girl, shocker when we learned
there are other Universes!"

Kami frowned his eyebrows. There had been others before him who had made
their way into this Universe. The fact that he overlooked RPG based
Universes made it easy for things like this to happen without him
knowing. Perhaps he should stop doing this when he returns to Heaven.

They reached a point where a door became visible through the fog. Asobi
ran up to it and stood alongside the door staring back at Kami with a
smile.

"We didn't have to walk I could have just made the door appear whenever
I wanted. At least I got to waste sometime, come on in!"

Asobi opened the door as it led to another place. It looked bright
inside with a large table with a multitude of beings sitting on chairs
eating and chatting among each other.

Kami made his way in and admired the location. The place gave of a
divine feel to it from what he could see. The walls glittered as if they
had the very essence light integrated into their material. The floor was
covered in a fine silk crimson carpet giving in an exuberant look as
well. Tables made of sturdy refined wood lined across the room as some
of the people sitting on them stared up at Kami.

"Ignore them, they're not use to seeing plain humans around Celestia!"

Kami nodded his head feeling impressed. It would seem that Celestia had
a society similar to Heaven as well, except unlike Heaven there were
nothing but deities walking around.

"So all of you are Gods then?"

"Well some are, very few of them and none of them are here from what I
can see. They are what is known as Ascended! Their near God-level
mortals who have earned their right to be here across time and the
Universe!"

"So Tyr is not the only place you guys managed then?"

Kami and Asobi sat near the end of one of the tables.

Asobi swung his legs frantically as he smiled at Kami.

"Nope! The whole Universe! At first it was just the land of Tyr but once
Goddess Iatra claimed the throne to Celestia she gained domain over the
entire Universe. We go around keeping the peace and stuff you know!"

Kami nodded his head getting a picture of how it worked. Surprisingly
though they seemed more hands on with the mortal world than he expected.
It would seem that he had something to learn about this society. Perhaps
making Heaven more interactable as well wouldn't be such a bad thing.

"Alrighty so are you ready to eat the best food in all your life?!"

Kami let out a small laugh when he heard that. He seriously doubted that
they would have any better food than he's already tasted before after
all, as an immortal being himself, he had tasted it all.

