
"How was the meal?" exclaimed Asobi giving a light burp.

Kami arched his eyebrows as they walked once more in a landscape of fog.
To be honest the food had been decent enough but nothing extraordinary
he had not tasted before. He had eaten some smoked salmon with a juicy
sauce tasting similar to hollandaise sauce. The side dishes that
accompanied the salmon were fitting as well. A three-pepper salad that
added some further texture to the salmon if you ate alongside with it
and some sweet potatoes too cool down if it got a bit too intense. There
was nothing really fancy or grand about what they had served him and he
was fine with that, but taste wise it was a basic meal to him. The drink
was refreshing with a hint of tangerine and alcohol in it which brought
him the question, how old was Asobi that he could order and drink some
alcohol. Honestly a simple order from a fast food restaurant would have
hit the spot better but he didn't want to let these Gods know too much
about his full power just yet.

"It was fine next time I'll give you some food that'll really get you
going."

"Oh? I've tasted all kinds of food across the Universe I don't think you
have much to show me but I won't say no to a free meal!"

Kami nodded his head in agreement and smiled. He probably had no idea
what awaited him next time they met in terms of a food showcase.

"What now then? Are you going to send me back to Tyr?"

Asobi stared at Kami for a second before grinning.

"Sure! I've confirmed everything I need to from you for now! We might
just suddenly pluck you randomly back to Celestia if we need to know
something. We'll also be keeping an eye out on you to see if you ever
become a God. Don't try to hide it."

Asobi stared burned into Kami as he realized what this meant. They were
going to basically stalk him and try to recruit him into this
Divine-level place along with the other Gods.

Kami looked back at him and smirked.

"That was a bit ominous to be frank with you."

"Was it? Well you either join Iatra or Yotsune. Not many choices, and I
doubt you'll join Yotsune."

Kami nodded his head. He had been caught up by this young boy about the
whole war that was happening between Goddess Iatra and God of Calamity
while they ate. It seemed like a small quarrel over controlling a
Universe that didn't rightfully belong to them to begin with. None the
less, Kami found this amusing and would play along until he wanted to
otherwise.

"One more question"

"Go for it!"

"Why couldn't Goddess Iatra tell me all this herself, would have been
nice to at least meet the being who's trying to recruit me into this
all-out war."

Asobi gave a childish laugh as he twirled around Kami a bit.

"Most mortals would have just been pleased with getting to meet me but
you seem unfazed at the fact that I'm even a God! Tell you what, next
time I'll put in a word with her and she'll personally bring you so you
could have a word with her. She loves meeting fanatics of hers!"

Kami put a puzzling expression at hearing this. Had Asobi misinterpreted
his question and believed that Kami was someone who was devoted towards
Goddess Iatra?

He shrugged and smiled deciding it was all fine for now anyway. One last
thing he had to do before he left. Knowing that his journey would now
most likely involve these Gods he would have to learn much more about
them. He decided to measure up the strength of this God to see exactly
what it was he was dealing with.

Kami activated his*[Data]* skill to take a closer look at Asobi's stats.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *God of Joy Asobi
*

LVL: 100

EXP: 267120/500000

Title: /Irresponsible Brat /

Class: God

HP: 486,201/486,201

Mana: 353,981/353,981

Stamina: 496,340/496,340

Strength: 499,846

Endurance: 380,603

Intelligence: 375,019

Dexterity: 472,105

Charisma: 401,399

Wisdom: 374,992

He was surprised to see what despite him being a God, the stat
difference between him and the girl whose soul he had broken were
somewhat still similar. There was a bigger difference in the stats he
was clearly better at but his weaker stats were on par with hers. From
what he could tell as well, the girl had not been a God but a Hero and
an Ascended Class being. Was it thanks to her Duo class typing that she
was this strong and if so, how strong were the actually stronger Gods or
were they actually along the stronger Gods.

Kami pondered these questions on his head as Asobi stared at back at him.

"You checked out my stats, didn't you? Impressive, no? Well nothing big
compared to Iatra herself but I can put up a fight! You wanna go for a
spar I'll hold back so I don't insta-kill you, that would be upsetting!"

Kami smiled at Asobi thinking about the offer. He could just toggle his
Passives and show him who is really the strong one around here but he
shook his head instead.

"No, maybe some other time, when I get stronger."

"That's the spirit! Well are you ready to head back to Tyr? By the way
there seems to be some shady stuff going on in Alzel, want me to
teleport you there?"

"You wouldn't happen to know where my friend Sayu is would you? That
would be the most optimal place to put me down."

"Hmmm, I do, I do, oh, take a look at this she's actually in the middle
of a fight right now!"

Kami was a bit taken a back at this information.

"Where is she exactly?"

"The city of Alzel, bummer! It seems the King there had been under the
charm of one of God of Calamity's little guys. Where is a Hero when you
need one am I right?!"

"Send me there then, I've been out of the main action for too long and I
believe its time I step back into the spotlight."

"Are you sure? We're not exactly sure how strong he is, it seems that
city has fallen under Yotsune's rule, that bastard, but, but I can put
you there and you can let us know more about what exactly happened!
Great idea Kami you're a natural at Hero business! Too bad your Class
doesn't qualify you as one, or maybe it's for the better, that way you
can select  God and ascend to be one of us! You and me would have lots
of fun!" Asobi smiled as he attempted to pat Kami's back.

He was short due to his age and only managed to pat his lower side.

Kami thought about it for a second as he looked over at him.

He must be a lot older than he actually looks so perhaps that wasn't
actually accurate of him to believe.

"Why exactly don't you guys just strike them down then? Is it not
something you guy-"

"There are rules Kami remember that! Although it is Goddess Iatras
territory there are conditions to keeping Celestia under her rule. If
she or any of us directly interfere it would set off a war leaving the
two thrones, Celestia and Abyss, in the balance. Whoever attacks first
directly starts the game!" Asobi stared at him with a bright smile.

"So, you send Heroes and monsters in your stead then, both Iatra and
Yotsune, hmmm, alright then. I suppose I'll still play the Hero anyway,
since that's why I came here to begin with." commented Kami.

Asobi put a confused expression for the first time but quickly returned
back to normal.

"Oh good, good! Here take this!"

Asobi handed Kami a small jeweled that contained a strong source of
light glowing from within. It was pretty to behold but Kami wondered
what it was supposed to be for.

"This is..."

"It's a rock! Keep it with you it could come in handy one day, who knows!"

Kami nodded his head as he placed the glowing jewel in his pocket and
waited for Asobi to send him back. There was a moment of silence where
they simply stared at each other before Asobi reacted.

"Oh right, me again! Well it was fun meeting you I wish you the best of
luck on your journey. See you soon enough!" Asobi said as he waved at Kami.

Kami nodded his head once more as there was a bright light that covered
him up and just like that, he disappeared.

Asobi smiled at where Kami had been standing for a short while before he
turned around and started walking away.

"No matter how you look at it, that guy is not what he says he is. I
like him though! We'll find out sooner or later anyway!"

With that Asobi stepped into a door that appeared in front of him as he
also vanished from the fog covered room.

