
Kami didn't know what was happening as he found himself standing in the
middle of a fight. There were some large shadow figures towering over
what looked like the castle in the city of Alzel. In front of them were
people he recognized the most huddling together as they stared back at
him. Near the entrance there was a crowd of people who were trying to
fight their way inside through these creatures.

It looked to Kami like he had missed a little bit of the context but he
had an idea of what was happening.

He instantly connected the fact that these creatures were more than
likely attacking them as dashed towards them.

The figures barely had any time to react as Kami pulled a sword from
thin air and sliced across instantly killing them all the figures with
the force of his weapon. There was a notification appearing in front of
him saying*[EXP+81375]*

/Exactly how strong were those things to give me so much EXP, I swung my
sword at them and killed all five of them instantly so I expected them
to be much weaker than this. Should have checked first instead of just
trying to show off in front of the crowd. They are looking at me going
all Hero mode on these guys, right? /

He felt that familiar burst of energy letting him know he had leveled up
again.

There was sudden rise of awe from the people who had seen Kami instantly
strike the monsters down as they began speaking.

"I-its Kami, I mean, Hero Kami!"

"N-no way that's amazing, did you see how he just appeared from nowhere
showered in that light?"

"The Hero of Tyr arrives to save the day!"

The masked man was surprised at his sudden appearance but stepped up
feeling in control of the situation and clapped his hands lightly

"Hmph, the Hero of Tyr lives. Was she not able to finish you off,
perhaps I shouldn't be here then-"

Kami turned his attention to the voice behind him and instantly lifted
his fingers as he snapped them together.

He was about to finish this much faster than they would expect and he
wasn't about to leave any openings or time for a villain narration speech.

There was a loud rumble as a stream of light from the sky made a hole
through the ceiling on the castle and directly hit the masked man.

The king who had been sitting next to the masked man was blown back by
the force as he collided against one of the walls and was knocked out.

He was caught by surprised as he held back the pain Kami's attack was
causing. It was difficult for him to remain standing as he collapsed
onto the ground on his knees and began coughing.

"W-what is this?!"

Kami's hand remained in the air lifting it towards the now groveling
masked man. He spoke in a calm voice letting out a small smile.

"Ah I noticed your stats and your ability to charm people back when the
King called me in here for the first time. You were perhaps the most
obvious bad guy I've had to face so far. A mysterious masked man who
spends his time next to the King of a country and had him wrapped around
his fingers with every word he says, please."

"T-then why did-"

"Why did I just leave without doing or saying anything? My stats weren't
high enough to take you on just yet of course, but now, you're a little
beneath me. You know, when a boss out levels you the best option in
these moments is to grind out. You basically sent me to get stronger so
I could come back and beat you."

The masked man frustration got the better of him. He stood up and
stumbled around for a bit yelling out at Kami.

"And the girl who came to stop you?! Did you kill her off too? Who are
you exactly then?!"

Kami stared at the masked man in silence for a bit before letting out a
smile.

"I am known as Hero Kami! I fight for those who cannot stand up for
themselves, I represent the hope of the people and I shall smite down
evil doers who disturbed the peace of the land!"

Kami stood proudly almost with his chest sticking out before he cringed
at what he had just said.

/T-that was my Hero speech?! That was what I decided to go with?! I-it's
got to be the charisma stat making me say all these stupid things,
there's no way I make stupid speeches like this! /

The crowd of people standing by the entrance were mesmerized by his
words as they let out a loud cheer and clapped at the words Kami had
spoken.

"Hero Kami comes to save us all!"

"We must thank the Gods for giving us a warrior of such caliber!"

"Praises be to Goddess Iatra and Goddess Sayu whom bless this Hero with
such power!"

W/-what are these fanatics yelling on about?! Goddess Sayu? When did
this happen? Did they actually buy the cringe worthy speech I just did
as some grand performance? I'm done. /

The masked man coward back against the wall and yelled out nervously.

"V-very well then, if that stuck up Goddess wishes for war so be it!"

He disappeared into the shadows instantly as Kami looked back at his
team members.

He was very well aware that the masked man would try to run away and he
was letting him do so. If Goddess Iatra wished for him to be in the
front lines of her little war then he was going to drag her to the front
alongside himself. He needed a messenger to relay the fact that Goddess
Iatra was personally mobilizing against that God of Calamity.

They stood there in silence surprised by his sudden appearance and
overwhelming strength over the enemy but soon Himari came running up to
Kami and hugged him.

"Mister Kami you're okay!"

"Can you believe this freaking guy just randomly showing up out of
nowhere, pisses me the hell off sometimes, shesh!"

Hiromichi walked up to Kami as he shook his head.

Despite his apparent displeasure with Kami's appearance he had a grin on
his face as he grabbed Kami's shoulder.

"Pleased to see you are doing well Sir Kami, I must say, I was a bit
worried for you for some time there" spoke Asahi with a huge smile on
his face.

Sayu and Marie on the other hand who looked the most surprised of all
ran to Kami and hugged him as well.

Kami was surprised by this sudden reaction as they began to wail and cry.

"D-don't ever leave me alone with these mortals again master! I know I
should have followed your instructions and stayed home b-but you can't
leave me alone like this i-it hurts when you're away!" Sayu said as she
rubbed her face against his shirt.

"I-I'm sorry f-for my rudeness almighty b-but I can't help but feel
happy!" said Marie as her eyes began to swell with tears.

Himari who had appeared to be completely in control of herself seemed to
lose herself along with the other two now that they were showing this
side of themselves.

Kami's eyes began twitching as he looked at everyone staring in silence
at the three girls sobbing on his clothes. They clinged onto his shirt
without any signs of letting go anytime soon. There was a long moment of
awkward stillness as all you could hear was their crying as they
continued to hold onto Kami.

Eventually they started whispering to each other about what was
transpiring in front of them.

"D-did Goddess Sayu just call him master?"

"Hero Kami owns her? D-do you think she's his slave?"

"N-no way...but then why would she..."

"And that little girl too...wait wasn't her title
something...Loli-In-Training?"

"That's sick..."

"That girl is a priestess as well, are they not supposed to be pure
maidens?"

"Is the Hero of Tyr actually a pervert who collects beautiful women?"

"What kind of things do you think he makes them do when they're alone
man..."

Kami closed his eyes as his head began to pound.

Every time he tried to make an effort to look like a Hero in front of
everyone there was always something that happened that gave everyone the
wrong impression. If this kept up he would be known as the Hero of Harems.

Kami stared with a blank expression at the crowd as his mind began to
wander.

/You know...looking back at it now, my existence so far might have just
gone better if I had decided to stay in my room and just put in another
game. It's not too late for that, right? I'll destroy any proof of this
every happening...yeah that's what I'll do...everything must
go...haha...haha... /

Even as Kami plotted his escape from this Universe back to Heaven the
girls continued their frantic behavior allowing the crowd to awkwardly
make their way out of the castle.

