
"Cheers everyone!" yelled out Kami as he held up a glass.

Everyone in the bar let out a loud roar as they raised their own glass.

It was a lively atmosphere once more as the city was filled with life
even though it was the middle of the night. The influence the masked man
had over the city had been lifted almost instantaneously as he had left.
People snapped from their conditions and returned to normal. Once again,
the name Kami made its way across the city as the Hero who had released
them from the charming creature.

As per Kami all he had to do was buy everyone he could a drink and they
were more than happy to forget the earlier event that happened in the
castle.

The bar was flooded with people trying to partake in the celebration.
The fact that it was not a time to do such things didn't cross anyone's
mind as Kami stood on one of the tables and chugged down his drink.

The crowd roared with cheering once more as they chugged their own
drinks down.

Kami easily finished his glass as he tossed it on the ground breaking it
and lifting his arms into the air.

"More drinks for my people!"

There was another loud roar as everyone laughed and talked among
themselves.

Kami having turned the mood of the people towards a favorable one made
his way down the table and continued to chat with everyone around him

There were even more people this time around than when he had saved the
city from the dragon attack so it was hard to move around.

From the side of the bar sat Sayu and the others as she stared amazed at
Kami's display. She had never seen him act like that. She was well aware
Kami had grown a lot more childish over the course of time but acting in
such a manner was something she never expected him to do.

Himari on the other hand was extremely happy seeing Kami's actions
trying to take a sip from a glass nearby.

Hiromichi noticing this pulled the drinks away from her and gave her an
appalled stare.

"The hell you think you're doing kid?! This shit is not for someone your
age!"

"I'm not actually eight, okay? Besides Mister Kami is doing it and it
looks like fun!"

"Don't try to follow on that idiots' footsteps. Shit, what a bad
influence."

Hiromichi mumbled as Asahi chuckled and took a sip from his own drink.

"Sir Kami sure has a way to bring up the mood. He feels a bit clunky,
like he's trying to impress people in the battlefield but it could just
be the way your kind do things."

As he said this he stared at Sayu and gently smiled.

Sayu was still processing Kami's behavior leaving Asahi's comment in the
back of her head.

Marie gave a light cough trying to change the subject.

"H-have you seen Keishi by the way. He's been very distant lately with
us, it doesn't appear like he plans to stick around with us anymore..."

Asahi gave a thoughtful look at Marie and placed his hand on her shoulder.

"I can't say what's going through his head but knowing him he won't
leave our group. He'll follow you everywhere you know that."

Marie felt a bit more relieved at hearing this and simply nodded. Keishi
and her had been close friends since they were younger back when her dad
had saved Keishi from a monster attack. As it turns out his entire
village had been taken out and he had been the only survivor.

Asahi had brought Keishi into their household and although Keishi had
been distant at first, they eventually grew closer. Since then he always
had an obsession with growing stronger and stuck with Marie anywhere she
went claiming he would always protect her.

Once Kami came into play though he had been acting strangely and now
looked to disappear into the background most of the time.

"Give him time Marie, he'll come around, no use forcing him to join us
when he wishes to be elsewhere." commented Asahi.

"Tsk that stupid mage kid's probably jealous of Kami. I've seen his
reaction when Kami saved you back at the forest. Kid was practically
dripping with that shit." said Hiromichi taking a drink.

Sayu now having heard Kami's name enough times during the process of the
conversation lifted her chest and closed her eyes as she smirked proudly.

"Of course, some human would be jealous of him. He is but a spec of
nothing in comparison to the great power of His Almightiness."

"Tch, you're a god dam brown noser you know that Sayu? I don't believe
you're even a God if you suck up Kami so much."

"I never claimed to be a God you oaf! Humans are so small minded when
they see something they can't understand they blab out the first thing
in their mind!"

"Another thing, why the hell do you talk like that?! Calling us human
and shit?! If you're not a God then you're a human like us so you're
just pissing me off!"

"Hmph, your feeble mind is too small to comprehend what I'm saying and
it's not cause you're a human, it's because you're an imbecile!"

"I don't know what the hell you just said to me but it sounds like you
wanna go! Come on, then!"

Sayu and Hiromichi continued their verbal fight as Himari clapped in the
back with excitement. Marie laughed nervously and Asahi simply drank his
glass ignoring the commotion.

On the other end of the bar Kami and Thief were standing around a crowd
of people trying to see who could keep more drinks now. As of now Thief
had the upper hand but she was looking like she couldn't keep up the
pace while on the othe hand Kami was standing firm.

"Ku, /hic/ you are a man of your word Hero! I /hic/ like you!" yelled
out a drunk Thief as she grabbed onto Kami with one arm and held a drink
on the other.

Kami placed his arm around Thief's hip keeping her in balance and raised
another drink cheering and laughing.

"More drinks over here please! We're going all night till morning
everyone!"

Thief could barely keep herself up as she raised her own drink only a
fraction of the way and then fell from her hand onto the ground,
spilling all over it.

She laughed in an inebriated state as she looked at Kami and tried
cuddling up to his chest. Her face was red and warm to the touch. She
closed her eyes and mumbled in a low voice.

"A-another one bar tender I think...I made a mess... /hic/"

Kami realized she had fallen asleep on his chest while they stood still
and  began hearing her snore. He smiled a bit in disbelief as to her
tolerance in drinking.

She talked about drinking alcohol all the time so it came to a surprise
knowing that after just 6 glasses of it, she was knocking out cold.
Granted it had been the heaviest alcoholic beverages he had brought in
from another Universe just for her. He thought it would be more than
enough compensation for having disappeared on her during the whole
Dungeon event if he gave her a tasted of other wordily alcohol but it
seemed like it was too much for her.

Funny enough it didn't even seem like she had tasted the difference of
the beverage since she just chugged it down without even getting any of
the taste in.

Kami grabbed onto her and lifted her as he made his way slowly towards
the exit of the bar. It was a tedious process considering the place was
crowded and everyone seemed to want to talk to him but after a short
time he made his way out.

He looked around and was pleased to see that the streets were buzzing
again with life. The lights spread across them illuminated the city in
the night as everyone seemed to be in high spirits. A few of them took
notice of him and began clapping or thanking him.

There was a small bench near him as he slowly made his way over and
gently placed Thief down on it. He sat there for a second admiring the
scenery in front of him.

/Ah, this is nice to see. It makes me think I should stick around this
Kingdom a lot longer but inevitably I should move on to the next
location. It makes me wonder what I should do next... /

He thought about everything that had gone on since he got here. Kami was
more than pleased with how things were turning out so far. Luckily, even
though he had blown the King back with his attack he seemed fine and
would make a full recovery soon. He was hoping now that the King was no
longer being charmed by that man, that he would be a lot more reasonable
and wouldn't try to throw him into jail again.

/Not like I would stick around this time for that to happen. I should
consult with Asahi as to where I should go next...come to think of it
this is it, right? I don't think we're going to stick with each other
from here on out. Asahi has his own group and he probably has his own
things to do. Don't think they are planning to stick around with
us...who is us anyway....Sayu, Hiromichi, and Himari I suppose would
stick with me...but maybe Hiromichi has his own thing going on. Thief's
another question right...she wanted to stick around but maybe she'll end
up staying here in the city. Hmmm, I suppose we'll come across it when
we do. /

There was a bar tender who made their way outside the bar frantically
running up to Kami. He looked a bit out of breath as he lifted a drink
and smiled at him.

"F-for you sir. We can't have the Hero of the day without a drink in his
hand tonight."

Kami smiled as he took the drink and nodded his head.

The bar tender gave a light bow before rushing back into the bar.

Thief seemed to have sniffed out the drink as she made her way towards
Kami. She had her eyes closed and crawled slowly towards the drink he
was holding murmuring.

"J-just...one...more...."

She collapsed on his lap almost instantly afterwards and resumed her
snoring. Kami was impressed with her dedication towards drinking. He
took a gulp and stared up at the star filled sky.

This was all new and fun for him. Experiencing the life he had created
for others was something he never knew he would enjoy so much.

It would all have to come to an end at some point but for now his
journey was just beginning.

