
Ausra found herself stumbling across the familiar walls of the Abyss.
Every second she lived she could feel the pain that Kami had caused her
scratching in her core without end.

She grabbed onto her chest and tumbled onto the ground. This was
possibly the lowest point in all her existence throughout the countless
centuries she had lived.

"...I never thought I would be so... humiliated..."

She thought back at how Kami had made her beg for mercy. It was almost
unbearable to think and would have left her in a frustrated state if it
was not for this pain.

Ausra realized that ever since she had her soul fractured her other
emotions were slightly off. When she would feel like she needed to be
angry at the situation her mind and body wouldn't react accordingly. It
was like she was choking, drowning in a vast dark sea trying to scream
out what she should feel but there was no response.

She struggled to lift herself back on her feet and continued on her way.

Another thing that had caught her attention from this experience though
was Kami's use of the word soul. From what she was able to tell that was
not a recognizable word in this Universe. Even the Gods would find the
idea of a soul strange, at best, they were capable of drawing forth a
person's essence. She found it funny that even the Gods in this Universe
were incapable of harnessing the power of a soul. However, Kami was
easily able to do such a thing which intrigued her.

She let out a forceful laugh she could barely feel.

"J-just exactly what are you..."

This would mean that Kami, like her, comes from a different place than
this one. She should have known better. The only ones capable of
changing things around this Universe were people coming from the
outside. What she didn't expect was to be out classed so easily.

There was a ringing in her head as though there was a force calling her
forth. She closed her eyes and heard the familiar voice of Hexalus.

"H-hey what's going on? I just got word that not only did the Dungeon
close down but Alzel was liberated almost in a bat of an eye. It was all
that Hero Kami's doing."

Ausra took in a few deep breaths before her voice settled.

"Things didn't go as planned. This Kami person is far stronger than he
appears."

"W-what does that mean? D-did YOU lose to him?"

She remained silent for a while trying to think of a way out from her
situation.

At worst Yotsune would learn that she had lost to a Hero and would try
to punish her. It would be child's play compared to what Kami had done
to her but she would rather avoid the hassle.

"There was an emergency that came up. I couldn't stick around to finish
him..."

Hexalus let out a loud grunt as she was able to hear him whispering out
curses in a low voice. He finally stopped before he spoke to her once
again.

"He will have my head for this do you know what you've done to me?!"

Ausra leaned against the wall as she slid down once more onto the
ground. Moving was a difficult task for her and hearing Hexalus
complaining was just eerily annoying making the task even more tedious
than it had to be.

She had done as much possible to alleviate the pain she was feeling now
but she had barely managed to put a small bandage over the large wound.
This was perhaps the first time as well where her powers had failed her
in completely healing of such a thing. This was even more proof of
Kami's terrifying power considering her own should have easily fixed
what he had done.

"W-what do I do now then? He has not contacted me yet but I have a
feeling he will have my head for this! Y-you have to help me you sa-"

"Listen everything will be fine...I'll talk to Yotsune about this.
J-just stop talking."

There was another moment of silence before Hexalus spoke in a more
concerned way.

"Did something happen? You're not acting like your usual self."

Ausra closed her eyes once more trying to concentrate. She felt the
burning sensation of the pain pounding away at her as she struggled to
move once more.

Even though moving was hard as it was it would keep some of the pain at
bay if she wasn't concentrating on it. She had to keep moving until she
got back to where she needed to be.

"Hexalus. There's going to be a slight addition to our plans... we'll
still keep going with our original plan but there's something new we'll
have to work on."

Hexalus let out a sigh but replied modestly.

"What do you need?"

"Kami, we must find out what he is..."

Hexalus seemed to remain silent in confusion. He had little to no idea
what it was she was talking about so he decided to ask.

"W-what do you mean...?"

Ausra stumbled around again as she saw the door she was looking for at a
distance. Just a little longer and she would be able to go through the
process once more. Before she suffered at the hands of Kami, she used to
believe that was the most torturous device she could have created to
work alongside her powers. For that reason, she had only used it ever a
few times but now she couldn't wait to have this overwhelming pain wash
away by such a miniscule device.

"I'll let you know more details about it later on...I'm busy right now..."

With those last words she hung up the communication that was linking
Hexalus and herself.

Ausra had a bit of a special ability ever since she arrived in this
world. She first learned about it when she had died as a newcomer. Her
body would burst into flames upon her death and she would rise once more
after a predetermined amount of time. Not only that but she noticed
every time this would happen her stats would increase. In essence, she
could die and would return to life stronger than before. She learned
after studying her ability a bit longer than her soul was essentially
recycling itself, renewing her existence in this world and fortifying
it. Her passive *[Phoenix Rises]* was her ticket to her overpowered
nature despite only being a human.

After some more time she learned that in all existence across time her
power was the only one that could tap into the energy of a soul, even if
only a little. Even the Gods, as powerful and almighty as they were
could not and did not even know of its presence. After an arduous amount
of time she spent here she created a  device alongside the help of many
of the God's Yotsune had on his command that would essentially be able
to forge the outer layer of her soul.

It was something similar to what she felt Kami doing but nowhere near as
intense. If she had to compare it; her device would barely cover the
outside of her soul while Kami's power could reach further into it and
potentially do more. Comparison of a puddle versus a vast ocean.

Ever since then she had worked on trying to harness the pure energy of a
soul and transform it to her will. This was what she had many of the
Gods who worked for her do in different ways. Yotsune who learned of
this from her decided to help her cause as long as it would also benefit
him. In reality, she could care less if Yotsune would use her findings
on using the energy of a soul to his benefit. She had something else in
mind when and if she ever got the info she needed.

Finally she got close enough to the door she was seeking as she managed
to open it and stumble inside. There was what looked like a well inside
filled to the brim with dark muddy water. On top of that there was a
large lid engraved with different glyphs. The lid was strapped onto a
machine that held it in place, making sure it wouldn't fall.

This was what she wanted to reach the most as fast as possible. She
couldn't handle this pain much longer and would go through this process
to try and get rid of it. She walked up to a small monitor and activated
it.

"I really hope this thing is enough..."

There was a loud noise as the machine holding the lid began gradually
moving around. Steam began fizzling from the ground as she stumbled onto
the well.

After this, all she could hope was that her soul would be mended enough
for her to no longer have to go through this for the rest of her existence.

Ausra took a deep breath and let herself fall into the well.

The reaction of the machine was almost immediate as it lowered the cover
on top of the well and tightly closed it. The room began to glow red as
the steam intensified covering any form of vision. There was a bright
glowing light emanating from the well and from the lid signifying that
the glyphs lined up across the it were activated.

There was an intense heat that arose from the well as gradually Ausra
screams began to fill the room.

