
"Hmph, they're late, as usual." spoke a profound ridged voice.

A tall burly man stood by the balcony of a castle over-viewing the sight
of the city. 

His crimson colored hair was wild and barely reached up to his neck.
Although he appeared mostly like a normal man there were a few traits
that showed otherwise. For example, his eyes, which instead of the
normal round pupils' humans had, were elliptical shaped like those of a
snake or a cat. They were also ivory colored and seemed  to burst forth
with strength and gave off a feel of superiority. His  upper arms and
the area around his neck, if you looked closely, were  filled with small
scales that reflected of the light giving him a  somewhat glossy look.

Besides  those features in particular it was much harder to distinguish
this man  from a normal human despite the fact that he was actually a
Dragon-kin.

"Y-your majesty! We apologize for the late arrival." yelled out a man as
he made his way towards the tall man.

It was just a regular knight whose armor seemed much sturdier and had a 
more threating look to it than those the humans wore. It was black as
night which would make it almost hard to tell apart from anything in the
darkness.

Another figure made his way inside as he yawned. 

Although in height he was equal to the large man in front of him, he was
much slimmer  and wore robes that reached all the way to the floor. He
adjusted his  glasses and yawned once more in a lazily manner before
speaking.

"We've arrived."

"Is that all you have to say for being so late, you disrespectful-" the
man  held his tongue as he gave a light click and turned his attention 
towards the city once more.

He didn't have it in him to go off on them when they were here to
deliver news from the Ducuria Kingdom, the Human Kingdom just west of
their mighty Empire.

"Did the teleportation magic not work?" spoke the tall red-haired man
once more.

"It did, however, we are afraid there were some complications when we
arrived."

"Eh, speak up then!"

The man coughed as he mumbled before speaking once more.

The red-haired man slanted his eyes in suspicion of what he had said but
once again decided to hold his tongue.

"When we approached at first, our Mage Squadron detected magic being
used on the city. We decided to camp outside for a few days to analyze
the situation and see if we could figure out what was happening inside
without crossing the threshold of this magic."

"What did you find?" eyed the man with curiosity.

"It  would appear this was the work of someone who was charming the
city, we  didn't get much further into the details before the magic
dissipated."

"Dissipated? Come on, stop cutting short on the story and just tell me
the whole dam thing already."

The man coughed once more and mumbled a few more words enough for the
tall man to be unable make out what he was saying.

"There are two sources of great power that entered the city. When the
Mage Squadron felt the presence of such strength they almost fainted in
disbelief. According to them these could be Heroes with Goddess Iatra's
own blessing. The one they call Hero of Tyr that we've heard about was
one of them.  It was hard for me to believe myself but at the time there
was a large  thundering from the sky and suddenly a large ray of light
came down on  the castle and caused a huge ruckus. I was quite perplexed
your majesty."

The tall man stared off into the distance once and began thinking about
the situation.

It had been almost fifteen days ago since word arrived to him that the
Capital City of Alzel had been attacked by a Dragon. This was disturbing
news to him considering this would fall under his responsibility. 

Dragons were considered a sub species of themselves around these parts
even though Dragon-kins  evolved from early Dragons. This was only
because unlike Dragon-kin,  many Dragons lacked intelligence and were
generally weaker than they  were. Dragons that could think and speak
were generally on the verge of  being treated as Dragon-kin. Otherwise
it fell onto him to maintain the  population of Dragons within his own
borders not only as a protection to the other nations, but for the sake
of their own kind as well.

When he had heard there was a Dragon that been slayed by a human in the
Ducuria Kingdom, he had sent a friendly ambassadorship of his kind to
speak with the King of that land. He would not want trouble to brew
between the two nations under a misunderstanding. In secret of course,
he wished to know who had the strength to slay such a beast.

Whoever had sent that Dragon clearly had intentions to destroy their
nation and  he was not about to be made the one whose finger is pointed at.

"Once  this magic cleared though, did you make yourself known to the King?"

The man shook his head and spoke.

"The  King had apparently been under the charm of a masked man whose
identity  we still do not know. In his place we met with Prince Mesfrit 
and we had a friendly discussion about the events that were currently 
transpiring in their Kingdom. We made a hasty retreat as we were aware 
that you were awaiting news of this event."

"Could  have stuck around, I would have not cared if I had known it was
for a  good reason. Considering their Kingdom was in such dissaray. They
wouldn't happen to know the details behind the Dragon attack,no?"

The man once more shook his head.

"It would seem Prince Mesfrit had been trapped in a Dungeon during the
transpiring events of this attack. However,  upon further investigation
from others around the city, they claim the  Hero of Tyr, by the name of
Kami, struck it down with one single mighty  blow. Furthermore, he would
be the same person who freed the city from  the mass charm magic placed
on it."

"O-one strike, impossible! And the other person you spoke off?"

He adjusted his glasses once more and gave a light smirk.

"Well  this one is interesting, we had a couple of our scouts talk to
some of  the adventurer's around the area and they claim that it is a
Goddess  calling herself Sayu."

"A Goddess? Walking around Tyr without repercussion from either side? I
very much doubt that. This is starting to sound like a spun tail the
humans are telling others."

The man nodded in agreement and spoke in a mocking tone.

"It  would seem a lot of events recently are happening around the
humans.  Perhaps this is a foretelling of something much greater in
play, your  majesty."

The red-haired man stood in silence thinking of everything that was
happening recently.

For  some unknown reason everything to this point seemed to be happening
around the last human kingdom. In the past the Humans had  been a mighty
force due to their overwhelming Heroes that were generally backed by the
Gods. 

As of late though it would seem the Gods had chosen other Heroes
outside  of the Human race and their power had dwindled. Two of the
three human  nations had fallen in the past centuries one still under
mysterious  circumstances.

The man nodded his head as he made his way inside the room ignoring the
two figures standing in front of him.

If  it was true that this man by the name of Kami was the Hero of Tyr, 
speaking in military terms, it was possible that the Humans had the
advantage once again. More so if this other person whom they claimed was
a Goddess was also backing them up.

Gods  tended to be neutral when it came to the affairs of mortal nations
but the people who received their blessings were not. In the past they
had been powerful warriors to be used to dominate the field and would
easily decide the winning side of a battle.

He closed his eyes and thought about what his next move should be.
Despite  the fact that he learned a little about the dragon attack he
was now  much more preoccupied with the news of this Hero of Tyr. If
this man's  intentions were to bring the human kingdom back to its
former glory it  was possible that he could do this very easily. For
this exact reason  there was now a new threat he would have to find a
way to deal with.

The king sat on a chair nearby and let out a sigh as the two figures
followed after him in silence.

The man in glasses spoke first, breaking the silence that was looming
over the room.

"What should we do now, your majesty?"

There was moment in which the King simply grunted and remained quiet but
suddenly he sprung up.

His first step should be to test out this Heroes power and see exactly
what  he was capable of doing. If he was correct there would be a way
where he would be able to do this.

"Is the Colosseum in the capital of Alzel intact from the dragon attack?"

"I'm afraid it was badly damaged. However, ours is more than ready to be
used."

The king let out a smirk at the thought of this. 

"Good, make a hasty return to the Capital City of Alzel.  Let the Prince
know we wish to invite the Hero of Tyr to a friendly  competition
between their Hero and one of ours. Give them the time they  need to
ready themselves."

The slim man bowed as he quickly made his way out. The knight
frantically followed him not wanting to be alone with the man in front
of him

"Let us see the full strength of this Hero of Tyr then." spoke the king
as he continued to plot out further plans.


          Intermission 3

Prinny: *viciously scrapping yet another piece of paper* What do I do
now dood!?

Marie: W-what's wrong?

Prinny: Hmmm, I have all these ideas to write down but I'm all jumbled
up! I don't know what to do next, dood!

Sayu: It's not uncommon of such limitations for a mortal. The Creator
managed to have mortals write over eight hundred thousand words on a
whim, it's to be expected of you.

Sebastien: Ah, the words that come out of Madame Sayu are strange as
usual but she is so ravaging, tu es la fille de mes reves!

Hiromichi: Tch, why don't you just write some more dam OP moments with
Kami, it's about the only god dam thing people wanna read anyway! Kami
this, Kami that, freaking annoying!

Prinny: A-aren't you two in good terms now, what's the deal, dood?

Hiromichi: Doesn't mean I want my life to revolve around him!

Sayu: Hmph, you are unaware of the honor that it is to be able to stand
so close to his presence. I should know, I spend endless eras next to
him and am always grateful to do so. *boasts as she lifts her chest up
in pride*

Hiromichi: It just sounds like you're obsesses with him! You got a thing
for him or something?!

Sayu: I-I would never y-you insignificant speck of dust! My admiration
is solely that of a devoted creature to its creator!

Marie: *bites her lip nervously*

Prinny: S-speaking of which, you got any idea what the fans are shipping
people with?

Hiromichi: Tch, if I had to guess they're probably Harem'ing Kami with
every girl that's even remotely showed up in the story! Hell, I'm sure
the bastards are just waiting for him to respond to them!

Marie: E-every girl? *flushes*

Prinny: I-I'm sure there's someone out there shipping you with one of
the girls Hiromichi...

Hiromichi: Disgusting! All these thirsty girls only clinging on to him!
No thanks I have some standards I don't need sloppy seconds!

Sayu: ...

Marie: ...

Thief: *snoring* Ku... I don't... feel so...good.../hic /

Sayu: Care to elaborate what you mean by that pathetic swine? *squeezes
Hiromichi's shoulder*

Hiromichi: Ow, you should really watch that strength of yours no man is
ever going to want a girl whose strength is that excessive, try being a
bit more feminine that goes for you too Marie you're a bit too plain!

Sebastien: Perhaps you should be quiet now friend, the ladies seem a bit
upset... haha...*backs off nervously*

Prinny: *slowly retreats back to his work as to avoid Hiromichi's
inevitable end*

(hears Hiromichi gargling in pain before utter silence fills the room)

Prinny: ...

Sayu: ...

Marie: ...

Thief: /hic/

Sebastien: *coughs awkwardly*

Himari: *comes into room and observes Hiromichi's laying on the ground*
M-mister Kami wanted me to call you up Miss Sayu...is he okay?

Hiromichi: ...*Dead*

Sayu: K-Kami needs me?! *Exits frantically*

Prinny: *coughs at the tense air* I never realized how much Hiromichi
brought to the table in these, it almost seems to be dragging along at
this point...

Marie: *nods head* Y-you could end it as you usually do Author-sama.

Himari: *pokes at Hiromichi* ...

Prinny: R-right. Well, thank you once again for reading my story! I'm
currently on 40k plus readers and it's a real honor being able to write
this story out for you guys! I have plenty of ideas to continue this
story for a good while so fear not, I will not be ending it anytime
soon! Either way I hope you continue to support what I do and feel free,
once again, to let me know of anything I write wrong or any comments
relating to my story that you have. Also, I'm always happy to hear from
you guys about your thoughts and ideas so feel free to write me a
message or comment. I know a few of you who have consistently stuck
around and some who consistently want to know spoilers and I deeply
appreciate it! I'm hoping you also enjoy these little scenarios as they
are very infrequent anyway so bear with them!

(light glows down on Hiromichi as an angelic orchestra plays in the
background)

Hiromichi: *gasps for air* T-that bitch! D-did she just kill me?!

Sebastien: Calm down my friend. One death is good enough for today.

Hiromichi: Mother fuc-

Prinny: U-umm thank you once more and have a great day doods!

