
*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Kami *

Lvl:25

EXP:18803/24000

Title: /God of All/Runaway God/

Class: N/A (Level 5 Reached, Class Unlocked]

HP: 15000/15000

Stamina: 15000/15000

Mana: 15000/15000

Strength: 15000

Endurance: 15000

Intelligence: 15000

Dexterity: 15000

Charisma: 25

Wisdom: 15000

"I'm pretty sure I'm ahead of the curve with all that grinding I did...I
still have to pick my Class. Hmmm...if I do pick one, I'll immediately
gain more stats as well which would make me even stronger. Maybe I
should refrain from that for a while despite me wanting to pick Hero...
if it ever shows up..." mumbled Kami as he walked aimlessly down the
busy streets of Alzel.

It was busy once more now that Kami had freed everyone from the mask
man's grip as the city hummed with the noise of people.

Many stared and whispered as he walked by and a few even tried to
approach him and failed. Kami's mind was too preoccupied to notice any
of them as he simply walked past anyone who put themselves in front of him.

"I have very little gold now as well from buying everyone drinks and
buying all that gear and scrolls... I'm sure I should find some other
way to earn money..."

There was the option for him to summon random food or gear that he could
use but he was not very inclined to do that as a first resort option. It
would be the equivalent of him inputting a cheat code on a game and as
fun as it seemed at first it would ruin the immersion for him and
eventually lead to him being bored.

Of course, this is not to say he would never do such a thing, for
example he had done this repetitively while he was locked in jail with
Hiromichi or when he gave Thief that other worldly alcohol. He was more
than happy to do so at those times but not always.

"Guess it depends on the situation..." Kami mumbled staring at the sky.

He continued to wander without direction observing the multiple
buildings and shops around him. There was a sense of happiness that
filled him when doing this seeing everyone go about their day. It was
its own reward knowing that the people today were doing well now that he
had taken care of that man.

/Speaking of which, he said something about the girl who I met at the
Dungeon... looking closer she was one of those Grand Heroes the Guild
Master told me about no? Ausra....if she's a Hero why was she trying to
kill me off? Wasn't she supposed to be dead after fighting that God of
Calamity centuries ago? Ahhh so many questions... /

Kami thought about going back to the Adventurer's Guild and asking some
more questions but decided it would be pointless. Considering he thought
she was dead there was probably nothing useful he would be able to learn
there.

/I went there earlier this morning to see if they had any new quests to
give but it seems they're still a bit stunned from the masked man
incident and are trying to recover. Should give them some time then.
What else is there to do? /

Still lost in thought Kami stumbled into the end of the street and
stopped in front of a door. He looked up at it closely trying to figure
out what kind of shop it was and soon realized it was a blacksmith shop.

"A blacksmith, I actually bought most of my gear from a regular shop I
had no idea there were Blacksmiths in this world. Then again would be
stupid to think the gear just appears out of nowhere."

Curiosity got the better of him as he made his way inside.

The building looked small from the inside contradictory to its huge size
outside. There was a slight rise in temperature as he closed the door
behind him.

He looked around hoping to catch someone's attention but it looked like
he was alone.

Kami walked up to the counter and looked through the two open doors
directly to his sides leading to other rooms but saw no one there
either. There was a third door behind the counter that was closed.

He shrugged and continued looking around at the display of weapons and
armors attached to the walls admiring the craftsmanship. There wasn't a
lot he knew about the gear in this world so he thought getting a little
bit of insight from someone who dedicated his life to making them would
teach him a thing or two.

"I wonder if anyone is going to show up soon. Think it's a bit
irresponsible to leave the door open with no one to attend the shop.
Hmmm..."

Someone he felt an itchy comparison to him leaving Heaven so abruptly.

The door behind the counter suddenly flung wide open.

Kami stared anxiously waiting for someone to show themselves but no one
came through, at least, it's what he thought.

There was a husky male voice that he could hear coming from behind the
counter.

"Agh! The ore was no good, how am I supposed to sell this to the local
shops!"

The figure suddenly appeared from the other side of the counter and
stared directly at Kami.

There was a moment of silence between the two of them before the small
bearded man reacted.

"Hwahaha! My friend! Welcome to Gorgraen's Blacksmithing Shop!"

The small man once again disappeared from behind the counter as he made
his way around towards Kami.

Kami realized that this was not a human but a Dwarf.

He was about half his size and had a rugged black beard. His eyes were
green and full of life at seeing him and his hair was tied neatly behind
his head. He looked dirty as if he had been working intensively.

"Welcome, welcome. I see you have a good eye there lad! Checking out
some of my work, hwahaha!"

Kami found his mannerism amusing as he smiled and looked back at the
armor he was observing before he came on out.

"Yeah it has very nice detailing. I didn't see any of these on the shops
I went to before."

"Of course! I pride myself in my work! Now, for you I can sell this for
a low price of 500 gold, what do you say, eh? A deal, no?"

Kami stared back at the eager blacksmith and realized he thought he was
here to buy something. Even so though 500 Gold was a big chunk of money.
From what he had learned 1 gold piece is 1000 Silver pieces and 1 Silver
piece was 100 Bronze Pieces. The incredibly fancy white dress along with
the white hat and the staff he had bought Himari had costed him 460
Gold. He wasn't sure if this man was trying to rip him off or if this
armor was just that much better.

"Actually, I was just looking around I didn't really-"

"What?! You are an adventurer, no?"

The blacksmith stared back horror struck as if Kami had just insulted him.

"Yes just-"

"And look at you then! What kind of gear is that?! This is not even
gear, it's just clothes! Strange ones at that! A proper adventurer
should not be walking around with these simple-"

This time the blacksmith grew quiet as he stared at Kami's shirt.

Kami felt a bit awkward at being stared at so intently.

He was well aware that his clothing was strange to the people of this
world. He never thought his regular shirt, pants and sneakers would
attract much attention but when he was the only one wearing such
clothing it was probably noticeable. At this point though he wasn't sure
if people noticed him because of his clothing or because of his heroics.
However, this man in front of him looked interested in what he was wearing.

"Where did you get this lad? I've never seen such materials. Except
maybe..."

"I'm from a distant part of Ty-"

"Save it! C-could this be? Ohohoho my family told tales of this for
generations, you!"

The man stared directly into Kami's eyes barely being able to contain
himself.

"You must be from another world!"

Kami was surprised hearing that this man knew of other worlds. Of
course, he immediately closed in on the idea and thought perhaps he was
just referring to another world within this Universe.

"How do you know?"

"Ha, hwaha! I knew it! Come, come!"

The man immediately ran towards one of the doors on the side. He looked
almost like he was furiously waddling away from Kami.

Kami decided to follow the man as his curiosity over the knowledge this
man must have peaked his interested.

The room looked like a living room. It was a lot bigger than the room
they had just been in as he stared at the man running up the stairs.

"Wait right there lad! Sit!"

Kami felt amused for some reason. It was like his day had taken a sudden
turn to something a little more interesting. He sat on one of the
furniture's and realized it was a bit rough. They were worn and clearly
old but he decided to not make a big fuzz about it.

It wasn't long before he heard the blacksmiths footsteps running back
down the stairs making his way towards Kami.

He was holding something that looked an awful close to a shirt, skirt
and some lady undergarments.

"See! This stuff is similar to yours! The style and the craftsmanship!
Ohohoho!"

Kami stared dumbfounded at the clothing he held in front of him.

It would seem he really wasn't the only person outside this Universe to
have stepped in to a world of adventurers.

