
"These look familiar in some way laddie?" asked the dwarf as he
continued to shove the clothing in his face.

"Yeah, they are definitely not from around here."

"Hwahaha! I knew it! My ancestor kept these around when a great warrior
who came to his aid centuries ago looking for armor. I should have paid
more attention to my great grandpappy had I known I would one day
stumble across someone from another world as well!"

Kami stared at the excited dwarf as he placed the clothing on a small
table nearby and stare back at him.

"So laddie tell you what! I'll be your personal supplier! With my
craftsmanship you will become a great warrior known throughout the land!"

"Wait let's start off slow here, what's your name?"

"Oh? I thought the name to my shop would give it away. Name's Gorgraen!
Best blacksmith in this whole city!"

Kami looked around once more.

He was a bit skeptical at that. He understood if it was a slow day and
had only one or two people shopping around but considering the upsurge
of people buying gear and items ever since everything returned to
normal, he should be busier. The shop remained empty despite the easy
business going on outside.

"Well, it's a nice offer but-"

"C'mon lad! What do you have to lose!? My
great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great grandpappy
worked alongside a great hero who even saved the world! I could whip out
some gear that would blow your mind! What do you use as a weapon? I'll
show you a weapon that'll really show you!"

Without allowing him to answer his question Gorgraen began running out
of the room.

"Wait wait! Hold on there!"

Kami lifted his arm as Gorgraen hit an invisible barrier and stumbled
back. He was sure that he would not stop otherwise so he had to stop him
by force.

"Listen the offer is nice but I just came to learn more about different
kind of gear and weapons. Besides, I'm not quite sure of your capa-"

Gorgraen still somewhat dazed at hitting the barrier turned around and
looked at him. His excitement seemed to have dropped as he looked at him
straight in the eyes.

"So, you heard? You're like the lot of them are you? Judging poor
Gorgraen for not being the legendary blacksmith his ancestors were!
Perhaps I'm not as good as others but I have something they don't, guts!
Guts and determination! Give me enough time and I'll make you anything
you need lad!"

/What is he talking about? Is it just me or does this guy like to
interrupt me a lot. /

Kami simply shrugged lowering his hand and allowing him to go on
through. He smiled brightly at Gorgraen and signaled him to go ahead.

"Alright fine, show me"

Gorgraen smirked as he ran out of the room.

The wait was a bit longer than he expected. He found himself looking
around at the smallest things trying to find anything to keep him
entertained while he waited for Gorgraen to return. It wasn't that he
was necessarily impatient, after eons of time passing by, patience was
one virtue he had grown quite extensively, but there were other things
he wanted to do and it looked like this blacksmith was taking up the
whole day.

Almost as he decided to go check and see what was taking so long
Gorgraen came running back in holding what looked like sword wrapped
around in cloth.

"Sorry for the wait lad, I wasn't sure where I placed this old thing."

He revealed from within the cloth a slade colored glimmering sword. The
sword looked incredibly beautiful to look at as Kami slightly reached
out to grab it.

"May I?"

"Of course laddie, it's not just for looking! Hwahaha!"

Kami grabbed the sword and stared at the blade. Even the  bronze colored
hilt was comfortable to grab onto.

Kami gave the sword a few swings before looking back at a grinning
Gorgraen.

"How exactly good is this sword?"

"It was made a couple generations back! The stats for this beauty are
above par and even has a nice bonus-to-stat ratio! Hwahaha! It's much
more than just eye candy!"

He continued to stare at him before realizing what he just heard.
Gorgraen had actually spoken about the weapons stats despite the fact
that there was no way to do so.

"Wait weapon stats? Can you tell the weapons stats?"

"Of course laddie. I have Blacksmith as a Sub Class. I can see the
weapons stats and such!"

Kami's interested peaked as he anxiously asked.

"Sub Class, what's that?"

"Ah don't worry lad, not many people care to look into sub classes and
have little knowledge of them. Sub Classes are generally life related
job skills. It doesn't mean you can't do the job without it but having
the Sub Class will add a little extra something. A normal person can
still become a blacksmith and be a dam good one at that but with a
Blacksmith Sub Class you can even see the weapon stats, specific quality
of material that's not easy to tell by the surface, or even craft
special effects into gears others can't."

"How would I go about getting one?"

"Interested are yah? Hwahaha! It's hard to say really, they're not like
regular Classes someone can learn. They don't just appear if you
practice hard enough. Even people who dedicate themselves to crafting
weapons and armor all their life will more than likely never achieve it."

"How did you get yours then?"

"I was born with it lad! I guess it's cause of all those generations of
Blacksmith's in my blood! We all had it since centuries ago!"

Kami was disappointed once more. Just like the Luck stat that Thief had
and now this Sub Class category it was determined by birth. It would be
possible for him to just cheat and add whatever he needed to his stat
rooster and immediately have the requirements to do such a thing but it
would be a bummer if he could just do that at whim.

As he had learned from using the abilities from other Classes, the
skills themselves did not require the Class to use the skill but in
order to achieve the skill you needed the Class. For example, when he
had tried using his Capture skill that was learned through the Beast
Tamer Class he was able to use it without any problem. He immediately
had released the Wolf afterwards and killed it as he was just testing
the grounds in which things worked. However, a skill or passive that's
sole use relied on having a Class or in this case a Sub Class would not
work unless he also had it. He had dubbed such things Unique Capacity.

Normally this wouldn't stop him from just being able to use anything he
wanted but as he had Omnipotent off it really did look like his power
had been limited. From that he deduced that the reason why he was able
to use all these skills at free will was not because he was God of All
Creation but because he himself was actually broken, even without his
Godly nature.

The only limitations he had then as this broken character was apparently
these Unique Capacities. In that case, this blacksmith was definetly a
good person to know then.

He immediately smiled and looked down at him.

"How exactly do stats for weapons and armor work then."

"Ah you want to know then! Sit sit lad this is going to take some time!"

Just as he suggested Kami took a seat back on the sofa and intently
watched Gorgraen lifting the sword.

"A weapon has different stats that determine its stats. Attack,
Willpower, Defense, Element, Damage Type, Crit Chance, Crit Damage and
Bonus-to-Stat-Ratio. The first three are usually a flat rate number
10,100,1000, etc. Attack puts itself in effect with Strength, and
Dexterity generally. Willpower scales your Intelligence, Charisma and
Wisdom. Defense scales with Endurance, simple, right? Element determines
the type of damage it does, Fire, Earth, Water, Holy, Lightning, yada
yada. Monsters out there are resistant or weak to certain elements so
keep that in mind lad. Damage Type means if a weapons damage is either
physical or magical same thing, monsters take more damage from a type of
attack. Crit Chance and Crit Damage are a percentage amount. Those
should be pretty self-explanatory if I do say so, hit harder in random
chance. Now Bonus-to-Stat-Ratio is a very important stat the stronger
someone is. These vary depending on the quality of the weapon and may or
may not have one. It converts a small percentage of your basic stats
into stats for the weapon which in return give you stats back. Example,
if you have 100 base Strength and a sword has a 1% Bonus-to-Stat-Ratio
it will give the weapon 1 stat point and in return the sword will give
you 1 stat back making you 101 Strength. There're other things that
affect a weapon like Quality. Quality gives a percentage boost to
Attack, Willpower, and Defense and may increase the percentage of a
Bonus-to-Stat-Ratio. Inherited Effects can be placed in weapons as well
depending on what materials you used when crafting a weapon."

Kami nodded his head in agreement as he received all this new
information. Gorgraen was right this was going to take a while. The
stats on a weapon was more complicated than he had initially thought it
would be. In a general RPG it would just be some basic stats, equip it
to your character and there, now he's stronger. Better gears get you
better basic stats which means you equip that new gear and trash the
other. From what he understood though, this Bonus-to-Stat-Ratio stat
would be his strongest asset in a weapon with someone as high stats as
him. If he could get a weapon with a high enough percentage, it would
overpower him even further.

"Ohohoho, you seem excited lad! Wait right here I'm going to grab us
some drinks! There's still so much more!"

Gorgraen waddled furiously once more out of the room as Kami stared at
him go.

This was definitely a longer day than he thought. However, acquiring
this information made it much more worth it for him.

