
Sayu sat patiently staring off into the window. Kami had left once more
without saying a word last night so she had decided to stick with the
rest of the group. They had decided to head on over to the Adventurer
Guild to check in and find any further instructions. She herself could
care less about this procedure, she just wanted to be where ever Kami was.

She sighed heavily thinking back on the past events. Kami seemed to just
do whatever he pleased here and wouldn't bother telling her anything
which had begun upsetting her. It was understandable if he wouldn't tell
the rest of these mortals what he was up to but she should be different.
Either way, maybe it was time she stopped mopping around because of such
a thing and try and act a bit more independent. It was clear he wanted
her to stand on her own two feet a bit more so she would have to bear
with it.

"No signs of Sir Kami still I see" Asahi spoke as he walked up to her
and gave her a gentle look.

Sayu coughed a bit and spoke in the most neutral voice she could
possible muster up at that point.

"He must be busy again. It's expected from someone like him of course."

"Pft, he's probably wandering around like an idiot and got lost. He'll
find his way back here sooner or later. This is probably the one
building he would recognize in this shit hole."

Hiromichi slummed on his chair.

He seemed bored ever since the party had ended last night. Now that the
city was in stable condition and no more threats seemed to be coming
their way the peace they had achieved seemed a bit dull to him.

He and the rest of them had done minimal fighting when it came to the
important stuff. Most of the work had been handled by Sayu and Kami but
even then, there had been more action that this.

The Adventurer Guild was taking its time recovering from all the
commotion. With a huge influx of returning adventurer's and a delay on
quests for over two weeks they seemed perplexed as to what to do.

Hiromichi figured they should just be handing out quests left and right
but it seems it wasn't so easy as he thought.

Himari sat silently but with a happy expression swinging her legs back
and forth.

Considering how much stats she was getting from Kami she figured he was
ever so close to being able to break this curse from her. She half
expected him to walk in any second now and snap his fingers instantly
breaking it as he usually does with any situation. Through her eyes the
troublesome situations of a normal person were probably simple obstacles
to a Hero like him. There was a small sense of pride and happiness
knowing Kami had chosen her as a companion.

Marie on the other hand was feeling a bit flustered. She wasn't sure
what was going on but she consistently felt the need to be next to Kami
as well. Their interactions had been short and he would mostly go on his
own and do what was needed but his actions spoke to her heart for some
reason. It was a strange feeling, at first, she simply thought it was
admiration towards the Godly being he was but she grew to find it
strange that it was almost obsessive at this point.

"Is this what you guys did when I wasn't around? Slum about that guy not
being around?" Keishi asked in an annoyed tone.

He had stayed purposely away from them to see their reaction when he did
so but was thoroughly upset when he learned, him leaving had barely been
brought up and it was mostly Kami who was the talk of the group. It
pissed him off but now feeling defeated decided it was just best to stay
with Marie and Asahi and hope they decided to break free from his group
at some point.

There was one main reason why he disliked Kami and that was because of
Marie. Ever since she met him, she nearly groveled on the ground for him
and treated him with utter respect. It was borderline admiration and he
couldn't help but feel jealous. Keishi had always thought Marie would
look up to him for any situation at hand and now seeing her attention
diverted from him to Kami was pissing him off.

In truth, he loved Marie and could not help but feel somewhere inside
that Kami was slowly taking her away from him.

"The Friend zoned magic boy is right. I didn't know you guys would be
such a bummer without him around. Why don't we go get some more drinks
on Kami, ku ku!"

Thief was feeling a lot better now than what she had been yesterday.
Whatever drinks Kami had giving her were out of this world. They tasted
like nothing she's ever had before and she had been drunk before she
even realized what was happening. Luckily, she woke up on a bench with
everything intact except her memory. She had no idea how she had ended
up outside but she figured it was thanks to Kami.

Apparently, there was a barrier around her that some people had been
trying to get past to wake her up but no one had been able to break
through it. It had become a game to some as some adventurer's had been
trying to break through it with no success. Once she woke up, she easily
walked out from it and the barrier disappeared. Funny enough she didn't
feel the usual hangover's from drinking all night but instead felt quite
refreshed and energetic. Whatever he had given her to drink was not only
the motherload of all alcohol but somehow actually left you feeling
amazing the next day.

Now that she thought about it he wasn't such a bad guy. He had even
drunk with her and partied to some extent and it had been fun. He always
seemed to be the center of attention despite his idiotic nature. If it
wasn't for the fact that she was using him for all those free drinks and
hopefully loot, he would be a pretty okay guy to call a friend in her book.

Despite this she could not agree with the mood of the group and was just
thinking of leaving them to their own depression if they wouldn't agree
to drinks with her.

"Don't call me that! Who are you anyway?"

"They call me Thief! Nice to meet yah Mage Boy!"

"It's Keishi. Seriously who is she?"

The rest of the group stayed silent as if ignoring his question.

Keishi sighed and grew quiet as well.

Asahi looked through the window and stared at the sky.

"It's almost afternoon, we should go grab food and start settling in for
night soon. Tomorrow the Guild should have something for us. We should
also see if there's anything we can do around here to help."

The rest of them agreed as they stood up and started walking towards the
exit.

It wasn't just Kami's absence that was keeping them down but the whole
situation as well. There was nothing for them to do through the Guild
and they couldn't really head out knowing Kami wasn't with them.
Subconsciously he had become the leader of this group and making any
moves outside of the city didn't seem right.

Suddenly Hiromichi grabbed onto Sayu's arms and pulled her to the side.

He grinned at her and spoke low enough for the others to be unaware of
what they were talking about.

" I'm actually itching for some action I can't handle just eating and
going to sleep! Sayu how about you and I get some spar matches in!
Knowing you're Kami's dog means you got some of his moves and shit. I
wanna get to know some of that crap so I can take him on in the future,
he still owes me a beating or two."

Sayu stared at Hiromichi feeling a bit taken aback.

The fact that someone actually willingly wanted to take on Kami was a
bit surprising to her. She should expect such a thing from the guy she
considering a brainless oaf but somehow it still was unexpected.

"Now before you say no cause of some stupid nose browning reason just
hear me out! It'll just be a short while we can go a round of two even
if you kick my ass and then I could really use some help with some
monsters."

Sayu was confused as to why Hiromichi would be asking her for help but
she thought back on the idea that she should try living in this world a
bit without Kami's constant presence.

"I suppose if me beating you up will help you get stronger so you're not
a heavy burden on him it might be somewhat useful."

"You piss me off whenever you open your dam mouth! Good shit though we
should head out as soon as possible. Don't want to be out too late."

Hiromichi looked up at the group who were now staring at both of them
suspiciously.

"We got some business to do so you guys go on ahead and do your thing!
We'll catch up later!"

With that Hiromichi made his way out with Sayu following close by.

It was a strange turn of events but everyone shrugged it off and decided
to stick with their original plan.

Before Asahi and the rest of them managed to reach the exit there was a
voice from behind that yelled out.

"Asahi Taniguchi, correct?"

It was one of the people who worked here at the Adventurer's Guild. She
was holding what looked like a letter as she stared directly at Asahi.

"Yes, that's right."

She handed over the letter to him and immediately retreated, returning
back to her busy schedule.

Asahi was curious as to who would sent him a letter as he opened it and
read it silently.

There was another moment of silence where the group stared at him before
he lowered the paper and gave a firm look.

"It's from a friend of mines in the capital city, Nyledel of the Elven
Kingdom. It would appear he's caught onto some trouble and is requesting
my help."

