
"That's about everything I know lad!"

Gorgraen slammed his glass against the table letting out a howling laugh.

Kami and Gorgraen sat at the usual local bar they had gone to twice now.
It was not because Kami had suggested it but because Gorgraen had begun
feeling inebriated and with that, wished to take the conversation on the
go to a bar. He had simply smiled and accepted, after all, this
blacksmith was teaching him everything he could possibly know from using
Gear.

The conversation had dragged on for hours with every little detail the
blacksmith could detail out. The average person might have thought that
this was boring and that knowing every little detail possible was a
drag, but Kami found it to be fascinating.

He found himself lost in this man's words despite his growing drunk
state and before he knew it the sun was setting down once more.

Kami pulled out a gold coin from thin air and placed it on the table
making sure the bartender noticed that he was paying more than fairly
for the alcohol.

"I'm grateful for everything you've told me. A lot of this information
is new to me and I had no idea Gear could be so important in comparison
to Stats in this world. It looks like I picked a good day to wander into
a shop today."

"I like your spunk lad! I was a lot like you when I was about your age.
The art of craft called to me at an early age. Perhaps you would be
interested in being my apprentice once you're done being an adventurer."

Kami ponder at the idea and smiled again. In truth, he didn't know what
he would do once he finished doing whatever he set out to do here. It
seemed like going back to Heaven would be next thing to do but then
again, there's no rush. Once he finished being a Hero maybe delving into
other aspects of life in this world would scratch his interest next.

"I'll have to think about it but the idea is appealing. There's just one
thing I wanted to know for a bit now, it's not really related to the
whole Gear conversation though." replied Kami as courteous as he could.

For the first time he felt like a junior speaking to his superior at
work. This whole interaction with the blacksmith had made him think more
highly of him and he felt the need to show some level of respect for
what and who he is.

"Shot! I'm an open book after a couple of drinks! Hwahaha!"

In truth the Dwarf male was starting to look a bit dizzy and flush red
from all the drinks. A couple more and Kami was sure he would pass out
right where he sat.

"Why is a Dwarf in a human kingdom? No offense I'm not trying to say you
don't belong here or something it's just, I had not seen any other races
here since I've arrived in this city."

The dwarf sat there quietly for a few before taking a drink from his
glass once more.

"It's not that hard really, in truth, I've moved here in search of
selling my craftsmanship to the human kingdom. My homeland is not very
craftsmanship friendly as they once used to be."

Kami tilted his head and pulled out as much information as he could from
this.

In many titles across different RPG's or MMO's Dwarfs were a race of
people who were excellent at blacksmithing. It was probably a trait that
was mostly seen done by them. Kami had pulled this race from the ideas
of such games and created them across many different universes.

When he had seen one here, he was not initially surprised by the idea of
one but it came to his mind that there were no other dwarfs in this
entire kingdom. However, a dwarf race that was not particularly fond of
blacksmithing was something he never really imagined doing.

"Not very friendly towards craftsmanship?" asked Kami in a curious tone.

The dwarf nodded his head and drank once again.

"Centuries ago we were all about that. Our race was known for their Gear
that was crafted across all of Tyr. The Heroes of Legends you used to
hear about at the time would always wear Gear crafted specifically by
our race. We were good at what we did but..."

Kami stared intently at Gorgraen hoping he would continue his story.
However, Gorgraen seemed to be not only losing his need to talk but
conscious as well.

"We lost our way at some point lad. It became something only a few of us
do now as the great Heroes were lost in time. Now, just about anyone
crafts Gear for Heroes but I came to this city to show everyone that we
still have what it takes to make the best Gear out there! My dream is to
make the armor and weapons that are wielded by this worlds' next legend!"

An admirable dream of sorts were Kami's thoughts. Gorgraen had not gone
into detail about why the Dwarfs were no longer making Gear as they used
to but the details were probably not as important as the fact that they
were no longer in business. He felt a bit sorry for the now seemingly
sad looking dwarf.

Kami coughed a bit and closed his eyes as he spoke in a deep heroic-like
voice.

"I suppose you found the right person then. The Hero of Tyr is I after
all."

He waited for the dwarf to respond to his declaration but only the
buzzing noise of the people around him came to his ears.

Kami opened his eyes to see what was holding back Gorgraens responds and
found him asleep.

Gorgraen let out a sharp snore as he swayed back and forth on his chair
now completely unconsious.

/Well that just not nice. Ah well, I'll make sure to make a great Hero
of myself anyway and people will know I wield his Gear. To be honest
with my current growth, me wielding his Gear might not even be any
different from just anybody else but, it's the least I can do for the
guy. /

At some point he had subconsciously agreed to allow this man to be his
direct provider. From now on, whenever he needed something crafted or
new gear he would bring any new items, materials, or requests to him to
make sure he would craft him something nice.

Kami wasn't so sure about changing his actually clothing. Even though he
loved the idea of upgrading his companions' gears somehow the idea of
changing his own clothing to something else was not something strong in
his mind. He might eventually end up getting some Gear for himself but
as of now it didn't seem like something that was necessary.

He shrugged at the thought and looked around. At this point he should
try to get Gorgraen back to his shop and hopefully find his team mates.
They might be wondering where he wandered off to.

He had noticed ever since the girls had decided to cry on him that they
were particularly more attached to him than he would have wanted. It was
a bit strange considering he was having very little interaction with
them. From what he could tell this was mostly a prevalent thing that
happened to beings around him. Those who were near his presence even for
a bit began growing a sense of attachment. It was like his very energy
was a lure to everyone that was near him and once he was gone, they
would begin suffering withdrawal symptoms. It didn't stop him from
leaving if he had to or wanted to but he somewhat understood them.

He figured it must be a passive or something in this world but he took a
hard-long look at everything he could and found no such thing. This was
particularly strange to him considering his Charisma stat was so low.
What did it mean then if he could still have people follow him around
without him wanting to and still be so low in such a stat? Did it even
mean anything or was it just a glitch? Kami was sure that this was
something he's had forever. Even the two other beings, his brother and
sister, had fallen prey to this, much more so his sister. Of course, one
wanted him dead and still didn't at the same time and the other-

Once again, he shrugged and cleared his mind as it began to wander. This
was no time to lose himself in thought as he usually did.

As he stood up, he heard the door to the bar open and saw a small group
of guards with a face he had noticed once in the middle of the crowd.
This man had been there in the background alongside Sayu and the others
when Kami had showed up at the castle.

The man looked around for a bit before staring directly at Kami and
giving him a charming smile.

He walked up to Kami and gave a light bow before speaking.

"Monsieur, our Prince requests your presence in the castle along with
those of your companions. There are ambassadors from another kingdom who
wish to ask a request of you. Please, if you would come with us."

