
"No more!" a voiced echoed out loud.

Two figures stood in the middle of a large arena. The lighting was
minimal giving the area around them a minimal amount of sight. The only
well-lit area was the arena in which they stood in. From the shadows
there were figures whose presence could barely be seen staring back at
the two of them.

One was a tall woman with ashy-white skin. Her eyes were a piercing red
color that gave a soulless feel to them. Her hair was long and reached
past her back and was a faded white-black color. The woman's lips were
glossed black and her eyes had a dark shade underneath them. Although
her appearance made her look unhuman there was something mystical and
attractive about her character.

The other was a man who cowered in front of her. He had the same color
of skin and eyes as hers but his hair was much messier and shorter. It
was almost greasy looking and made him look like a crazy person.

The man fell to his knees as he began to silently sob.

"No more, I yield..."

The woman stood in the silence of the room taking in the sole noise
coming from the man's tears as she lifted her finger slowly.

The man's tears changed to a painful struggle. A mysterious forced
pulled him to his feet causing him discomfort.

"I will take your words of surrender as the first wise decision you have
done today. Challenging me for leadership was foolish. I hope this will
teach you where you stand, along with the rest of you." the woman spoke
as her eyes wandered around the room.

Her voice was gentle and silvery and spoke to the hearts of the others
around her as though it was a more of a command than a suggestion.

"Go then, back to work with you, this goes for the rest of you as well."

The woman lowered her finger and the cowardly man was released from his
hold.

He immediately bowed as far as he could go and made a hasty retreat.

The other shadow figures slowly made their way out as the woman stood in
the middle of the arena staring at them leave.

Once she knew they were all gone she sighed heavily.

It was a hassle for her to have to consistently battle her own kind
every other week to remain as the leader. It was entertaining at first
watching them challenge her for supremacy but by now it had lost its
flare and it had become a burden. Was it not that she felt pity for them
she would slaughter the challenger every time but instead, she would let
them off with a warning, a threatening looking stare or two, and a
dismissal. This would keep them at bay for a small while but sure
enough, one of them would stand up and try to challenger her once again.

Perhaps it was her mercy that gave them this false sense of hopefulness
that they might be able to beat her. After all, if they could, they
would kill her while she held back every time. It was a disadvantage to
her, but even so, her strength alone was far more than theirs.

There was a small clap that came from the shadows that snapped her back
into reality. She looked in the direction in which the clap came from as
a recognizable figure stepped out from the shadows and into the light.

"Well done, impressive I have to say. We certainly did choose an
excellent leader for the Vampires."

It was the masked man who worked alongside the God of Calamity.

She remained emotionless at hearing his words and simply closed her eyes
and gave a light bow.

"How may we assist you this time?"

The masked man coughed a bit at hearing this. It felt as though she
reluctantly was offering her services to him. He decided to ignore it
and get to the point of the situation.

"Things in the Ducuria Kingdom have taken a bad turn. We've lost the
grip we had on the capital city along with the rest of the Kingdom in
extent."

She felt like letting out a mocking laugh but remained silent, waiting
for him to continue.

"To be exact, we GAVE them back control of the city, for now. God of
Calamity wished for me to retreat from the city after getting
information that one of our higher-ranking allies lost to a certain Hero
by the name of Kami. I had to fake a defeat and make my way out to give
them the comfort of victory. It would seem whoever he is has attracted
God of Calamity's attention somehow."

The woman was somewhat surprised at hearing this information. She was
well aware that he was specifically talking about the ten Godly beings
within God of Calamity's inner circle. It was surprising that a Hero had
been able to take one of them out. Not so much because they were that
strong, but because they were supposed to stay away from the mortal
realm of Tyr which would mean one of two things. Either one of them had
come to Tyr and challenged the Hero or the Hero had someone made his way
to Otherworld and defeated one of them. It seemed like the first option
was it since the second one would have meant God of Calamity should have
this Hero in his grasp.

She remained silent waiting to hear a request coming up.

"You've had a branch of vampires operating in the Draconian Empire, how
goes the converting of the Dragon-kin into your kind?" the masked man
asked curiously.

"It's as expected. The vampires who must convert the Dragon-kin into
vampires have to have higher quality blood than when trying to turn
other races. The blood of the Dragon-kin is much more resistant to our
conversion making it a longer process. We've had success with a few but
a lot of them have perished from receiving too much of our blood." she
replied with a gentle voice.

"So even though the blood won't turn them into vampires they still die
from it. Well keep going at it we need to make sure the strength of the
vampires grows. Also, there's a reason why I'm mentioning the Draconian
Empire. The Hero Kami should be heading there soon considering the King
has sent an envoy to challenge him to a friendly competition with a Hero
of theirs. This will leave the human kingdom without its great warrior.
We will be launching another attack to eliminate the humans of the
capital leaving their kingdom in shambles. We simply don't want to
eliminate the Hero Kami just yet."

She was confused still as to why he was telling her all this. There was
particularly no reason for her to want to know all this and she
certainly did not care what they did with Heroes. She was just tagging
along until they kept their end of the deal.

"You, when the Hero Kami makes his way to the Draconian Empire send an
attack on him. We are well aware they will more than likely perish at
his hand but we must keep him distracted long enough for him to stay
away from Alzel."

The woman opened her mouth and closed it for a bit. This man was going
to sacrifice her kind so that they could simply distract him? She felt a
boiling rage deep insider her but spoke as calmly as she could.

"That's something I can't bare to do. Please there must b-"

The masked man raised his hand as she grew quiet.

"Might I remind you that if you don't cooperate with us as we need, we
will simply call the deal off. I believe you require our assistance more
than we need yours. We can find others who will do what we need, you are
just simply the closest option, but not the only one."

She furrowed her eyebrows but simply bowed once again.

"As you wish, I will send some of my fellow vampires to attack the city
when he arrives."

"Wait until after the friendly competition. It'll give us more time."

She nodded her head and remain silent. There was a feeling of hatred and
anger towards the man but mostly towards herself. The fact that she was
being stringed along like this was only for the sake of her own kind but
she could not help but feel like she was betraying them at the same time.

"Very well, do carry on. You fare a well job here Queen of the Vampires.
Soon the land of Tyr will be reign in darkness, as promised." commented
the masked man as he slowly inched his way back into the shadows and
disappeared.

She stood there feeling defeated for a second before she mumbled.

"I should learn my place as well..."

