
Kami walked casually behind a few guards who led him down the hallway of
the castle.

He  smiled, this scenario somehow reminded him of when he was being led 
down that dungeon into his cell, except this time he was being treated 
way more properly to his standards.

The guards made a sudden stop as they turned around and simply raised
there hand showing him that he should go in.

He stepped into the  room curious as to why the guards never did say
anything. It was  probably the way they were taught to handle
situations. Point and expect  the other party to understand. The ability
to speak was being wasted on  them.

It  was a large cozy room with what looked like sitting arrangements
for  just about everyone in the city. There was furniture near a
fireplace to  one side of the room and on the other, multiple large
tables on with  leather chairs placed around. The walls were aligned
with paintings and  fancy cloths he assumed were of some significance to
the kingdom. 

Kami continued to look around at the empty room as the only noise that
filled the silence was the crackling sound of the fire. He moved closer
towards one of many bookshelves and started scanning for anything that
might look or sound interesting.

/I  suppose if I had free time reading some of these might be
interesting.  Let's see here, "A Quick Lesson in Economical Rules".
Quick? This thing  looks like it's a clean 600 plus pages, humans don't
read fast enough to  consider this quick last I remember, maybe a day's
sitting? "Racial Divide and Why it Works", that sounds sketchy. What
else is there, "Proper Etiquette: A Guide to a Gentleman's Path", that's
fancy. /

Kami  lost himself in reading the title of the books before he knew it.
He  wondered if there was anything dealing with skills or maybe books
that  taught people about other combat-based mechanics around here. From
the looks of it, none of those types of books were in this room. 

"Find anything that catches your interest" spoke a familiar voice behind
him.

Kami turned around casually as he stared at the man in front of him. 

"Hmmm, a few good titles, I'm more interested in books about magic or
weapon skills or such."

Prince Masfrit lightly chuckled as he made his way towards a small rack
on the side that held multiple bottles of what appeared to be alcohol.

He grabbed one and stared back at Kami.

"Would you care for a drink?"

Kami shook his head and smiled back.

"I would rather know why I'm here exactly."

The  prince nodded his head and return his attention to the bottle he
held  on his hand. He slowly grabbed a glass that was next to the rack
and  opened the bottle. The way he poured the glass was somewhat elegant
and sophisticated.

There was a moment of silence as Kami stared at the prince serving
himself a drink. 

The prince took a small sip from the glass and closed his eyes enjoying
the beverage. He was purposedly delaying saying anything to test Kami's
reaction.

Usually  a good sign of a Hero or warrior would be one that has a form
of  patience. He wanted to see if Kami was a Hero who was cocky and
brash  even with people like himself or patient and understanding. 

By  the looks of it, it was the better of the two if any. The way he
stared  at him was not of someone who was being patient or about to
explode  either.

From  the perspective of the prince, Kami's eyes sparkled with curiosity
but  at the same time he maintained the appearance of someone who was
more  than willing to wait ages until he spoke.

The prince chuckled once more.

"Kami,  the Hero of Tyr, that's what people are calling you around these
parts  now. Ever since you came to this city and saved it from the
dragon's  attack you've made a bit of a name for yourself. Not to
mention saving  us from the Dungeon and once more the city and my father
from that  masked man's charm."

Kami continued to listen closely in silence, waiting for him to say
anything that would let him know why he is here.

Prince Masfrit, seeing Kami remain quiet, leaned on the table next to
him and stared at him for a bit.

"The Hero of Tyr, a human at that."

He chuckled once more at his own remark.

"You  are potentially the strongest human we've had in our history for a
long  time. I suppose from this point on you represent humanity and its
interest, am I right?"

Kami thought about this for a second. By the sounds of it, the prince
was intending to tie him towards this Kingdom's ideas. He wasn't sure
what further plots were behind those words.

"I'm here to help anyone who needs my help and be an adventurer. I can
say that at least."

"Very well, that's acceptable as a response as well." 

Prince Masfrit nodded his head.

He was hoping Kami would be on the side of the Ducuria  Kingdom, the
last of the human kingdoms on all of Tyr. The other races  and their
nations grew in power with their overwhelming Heroes and  soldiers while
Humans fell one by one to the might of the others. There  was a
potential war coming and he was hoping to count on Kami to front  line
the attack for his army. However, this was not why he had requested him
to be brought here. He would worry about that when the time came.

"At  least for the time, I can assume you mean to aid us if we need.
Now, to why you are here. The Draconian Empire has sent messengers with
a  request for you, they wish to challenge you and one of their Heroes
in a  friendly competition."

Kami's  eyes lit up. This idea was appealing to him. He would be able
to  compare his strength to that of a real Hero from this world. So far,
his only reference was of Ausra,  that Grand Hero and it wasn't much for
comparison. Considering she was  higher level than him it was only fair
to assume her stats would be  greater than his own at the moment.
However, if there was a Hero around  his level, he could compare them to
his own and get a general idea of how much stronger or weaker he was
without having an actual Class.

Despite that, there must be a reason why the Draconian Empire wished to
challenge him though.

"Does  this have anything to do with the dragon I defeated, I hope I
didn't  cause any international problems by killing the dragon or
something."

Prince Masfrit shook his head and spoke.

"No, they recognize there was no other option. Besides, dragons outside
their domain are free to be killed by adventurer's.  They are very well
aware how dangerous leaving a dragon alive outside  their own nation is
so they rarely have a problem with dragon hunting as  long as it's  not
within their own borders. In fact, they were more worried that we 
somehow believed they had sent the dragon or had lost control of one of 
their own. Apparently, they had sent aid when they heard of it but found
out you had killed it by the time they arrived."

Kami thought this was funny in its own way. An entire Dragon nation that
controlled  other Dragons like they were pets. Did this mean there were
Dragons  that were wild in nature like a common animals and others who
had a  sense of intelligence? Had to be, after all, they were requesting
a  friendly competition with him.

"So when would this take place?"

"It's not just when but where. Unfortunately for us, the Colosseum we
would usually hold events of this nature was taken down by the dragon's 
attack and it will be some time before we can use it for any such case. 
They were more than happy to allow the use of their own Colosseum in 
their own capital city."

"I would have to travel there then?"

"There  are a few of them waiting for your response who are more than
willing  to transport you there with the use of Teleportation magic if
you wish to do this much sooner than later. I'm not sure if they want to
make a  whole event out of this or if it will be a simple happening
between a  few people."

"This  should be fun then. I'm almost excited to head on over as we
speak. A  whole new area to explore. Well, to be honest not like I
explored much  of the Ducuria Kingdom but, exciting nonetheless."

Prince Masfrit smiled warmly as he stared at Kami.

It  would seem he didn't understand exactly why they were challenging
him.  They wanted to test the strength of the human Hero that could
slay  dragons. This was clearly a test to see how much of a threat Kami
was  against their own Empire. He was more than  happy to give them what
they wanted considering that if they refused it  might be taken as if he
was hiding something or might just make bad  relations with them. At the
same time, if Kami was as powerful as he had  heard, showing his
strength to them would be a good way to let the  other nations know that
the Ducuria Kingdom was not one to mess with. For now, this was the best
option he had, and would take it.

"Should I let them know we leave immediately?"

Kami furrowed his eyebrows in deep thought.

It would seem that the Prince was going to come with him as well. This
started to seem more like a political agenda even to him. Now that he
thought about it, it was a bit strange that the Draconian Empire would
just suddenly challenge him for no real reason. This was probably a way
to check if he was a threat to their own Heroes and potentially their
nation. Was this why Prince Masfrit had asked him if he was aligned with
the Ducuria Kingdom?

He simply shrugged it off and smiled.

/Leave it to mortals to make it more about than just a friendly
competition.Doesn't matter. What I want right now is to see what a
Heroes strength is like./

______________________________________________________________________

*/A/N:  Sorry guys this is the longest I've taken to update this story.
I'm  currently distracted by events on games and leaves the free time I
have  to write to almost nothing. I hope you will be happy to know that
as of  the next few days those events will die out and I can somewhat
finally  focus on writing again./*

