
"Didn't really ask, how's the king doing?"

Kami and Prince Masfrit  walked through the hallways of the castle while
surrounded by knights.  They were making their way towards the throne
room expecting the people  from the Draconian Empire to be there at this
point.

"He's fine. A bit banged up from being blown back by your skill though."
he said giving Kami a dubious look.

Kami simply stared straight forward and smiled.

"Ah, yes well, it was unavoidable."

Kami coughed trying to hold back a small laugh.

It was of course untrue. There were many other ways he could have
handled that situation where the King  would have come out unharmed.
However, he did it for the flashy effect  and in truth, a bit of payback
for how he was being treated. He was well aware it wasn't the King's
fault to begin with but either case, a  little harm wouldn't cause a
huge problem.

Prince Masfrit shook his head.

"Onto other matters, I've had some of the guards try to track your
friends  down. I assume you will want your comrades joining you in this
journey?"

Kami furrowed his eyebrows.

In  truth, he had slightly forgotten about them with all this
developing  news. He would have easily gone to the Draconian Empire
without a second  thought. Regardless, his companions would probably go
with him, now that he remembered he had people following him around.

He  wondered if perhaps a solo adventurer was more his style and decided
if  the time ever came, he would end up doing this again in another 
universe by himself.

"They should be in the throne room along with our guests. I'm sure we
can fill them in on the matter at hand once we get there."

/I wonder if they'll want to come to begin with. I mean we're talking
about going to an entirely different nation here not sure how willing
they are to go that far. On the other hand, they are adventurers so this
kind of travel should be something they should be prepared for. /

"I have another inquiry if you don't mind."

Kami looked at the prince and nodded his head signaling him to continue.

"This girl, Sayu,  many say she is a Goddess. I find it a bit hard to
believe, I'm more  inclined to believe myself that she is a Hero such as
yourself but a  Goddess walking among us mortals is a bit surreal, I
have to say. I suppose my question is, is there some truth to this?"

Kami held back another laugh.

In  reality, this was not the first time a human had ever confused one
of  his angels for a higher being. He had sent angels and even
archangels  before to show themselves before humans and their reaction
was generally  the same to some degree. They would  always see the
glimmer of Divinity he bestowed upon the angels and  claim that they
were Gods. In truth, it was Kami's power they were awing at, so it
wasn't far from the truth. The angel's  reaction was the funnier part to
him though. Some grew furious with the  humans and would try to set them
straight. Others were more understanding and would explain who they were
and, his favorite, the ones that would blank out and panic thinking that
he would somehow strike them down for their blasphemy. 

"She's not. Her abilities that make her appear Godly are simply because
of a  God's blessing. I'll let you in on a little secret. There's no
other God  like the one that blessed her."

Kami boasted feeling a bit proud of himself. 

"If it's not Goddess Iatra  I very much doubt this God's blessing is
anything comparable. All other  Gods serve under her, well, I suppose
except for the ones under the God  of Calamity."

Kami let out a small chuckle while the prince fell into thought.

It  was a long walk through Kami's perspective. Perhaps it was the urge
to  get to Draconian Empire faster than made this simple task feel
somewhat  dragged. He looked around the hallways admiring the arts and
objects  placed around the castle. It caught his interest seeing all the
types of  paintings they had literally everywhere in this place.

Some  images depicted what looked like great battles between humans and
other  races he saw in games. Others were of fantastic magical sceneries
he assumed where real places in this word. The more lackluster ones were
of people he didn't recognized and figured they were probably from a
long time ago.

Through his distraction, he barely noticed that they had arrived at the
throne  room as he finally snapped out of it and looked at the figures
standing near.

There were a few he recognized. His personal companion, Himari  stared
anxiously at Kami as if she had not seen him for a long while.  There
was Marie, who looked somewhat relieved to see that it was a formal
meeting this time within the castle and not some reason why Kami  was
being locked up again. Asahi looked serious as ever but still had a 
glimmer of happiness at seeing Kami was fine. Keishi was as usual, 
standing behind everyone trying to avoid any eye contact with him, 
grumping over the fact that once again they were being dragged into some
situation centering around Kami. Thief was there as well, looking a bit 
nervous as if she was guilty of something.

Kami looked around a bit more hoping to see Sayu  and Hiromichi but the
only other people there were a group of people  wearing distinct armor
and robes from that of this kingdom. He realized  soon enough these were
probably the ones who had been sent by the  Draconian Empire to
challenge Kami.

As they got closer one certain man from the group walked up and spoke.

"Greetings your highness, and you, you must be the Hero that has created
some topic of conversation around our kingdoms."

The  man was tall and lean but Kami quickly noticed a few features that
were different from him. His eyes were different to those of humans and
he had what looked like scales across his neck that were barely visible.
He  was only able to tell when the light of the room gave them a
reflective nature.

The room went silent again as everyone stared at Kami waiting for him to
speak up but he simply stared at the man.

The man coughed and mumbled a few words before speaking up once more.

"Your  highness must have already let you know why we are here. The fact
that you have come must mean you are more than ready to take on our own
Hero.  We did not expect such a hasty response."

Kami shrugged and smiled once again making the room fall in silence.

The man coughed once more and mumbled a few other words.

"V-very well, if you are ready, we can go. We will make sure all your
needs are taken care of while you are within our borders."

Asahi interrupted this time as he gave a gentle bow.

"Pardon my rudeness but I wish to speak to Sir Kami in privacy before
doing so."

The rest of them stared at each other for a second before the Prince
nodded his head.

Asahi looked at Kami for a split second before walking off to the side.

He followed after him along with the rest of the group. 

They didn't walk far off before Asahi turned around and stared directly
at Kami with a serious expression.

"Forgive us Sir Kami but there is another business we must attend to, I
believe this will be where we go our own way."

He  stared back at Asahi for a while trying to see anything in his face 
that would give away why he decided not to come along but there was 
nothing in there he could find.

"That's fine. There was no reason for you guys to stick around so long
but I do appreciate it."

Kami lifted his hand at Asahi as there was a moment of silence.

Marie  stared intently at him. She wished he had said something else,
she  wished he had told them how much he wanted to keep them around or
that they were allies now and where they go, he goes but instead he
dismissed them as casually as meeting a stranger who was giving him
directions. It  pained her a bit to see how little in his mind they must
seem to him if  he could do such a thing. She immediately lowered her
head with a sudden striking pain in her chest. If he just asked, perhaps
she would even be  willing to stay and leave her father and his friend.

Keishi  on the other hand was relief to hear that this would be where
they  finally parted ways. In truth, there was more than one reason why
he owed him thanks, for example; he knew from the group now that it had
been Kami who had revived them when they had died. Another time was when
he had managed to defeat that monster back in the woods. He would think
this would make him more thankful and probably ease his angering
feelings towards Kami, but instead it only made him get furious at him
even more. This was unhealthy for sure, so to some extend it wasn't just
about getting rid of him but a way to say thanks to Kami. He would no
longer have to deal with the sad mopping around Keishi. In his own way
he thanked Kami for saving them and especially Marie,but he could not
stick around anymore.

Asahi was just grateful. From the beginning, since Kami had saved them
from the woods and broken that curse, he had been more thankful. This is
why he had decided to go to the Dungeon and try to save the prince as a
way to repay Kami for his  actions back then. However even then, Kami
had come and brought them back from death itself and now he felt even
more in debt with him and Sayu. If it was not for Kami, his daughter
would be dead right now. There was no doubt in his mind that Kami was
clearly a God after the whole fiasco with the Centaur and everyone
calling Sayu a Goddess. Kami had done more for him than Iatra  ever did
and he felt like there was finally a God out there who would actually
try to make a change unlike those in Celestia. However, staying  around
any longer would only further put him in debt with Kami so he  decided
it was time to part ways. Not to mention now that his friend was  in
trouble, he would head on over and see what was happening at the Elven
Kingdom.

Asahi took his hand and shook it firmly as he nodded his head. 

It was a short goodbye but Asahi and Keishi both turned their back on
Kami and walked away. Only Marie remained for a second before she
curtsied  and hid her face.

"Thank you for everything...Kami"

She hastily retreated after them as Thief and Himari stood next to him
seeing them off.

"Hmmm, what about Sayu and Hiromichi, where are they?"

"Miss Sayu and Hiro said they had stuff to do." replied Himari watching
Marie walking off.

She felt a bit upset. Marie had grown to be like an older sister who
tried to comfort her when she needed it.  It had been little time that
they had been with each other but she had  filled a bit of the role her
parents had done so before. It wasn't devastating as much as just a sad
thing to part ways.

"They said they had something to do. They're probably outside the city
since the guards couldn't find them. Going to the Draconian Empire
huh,ku ku! That's a walk ways from here!"

"We're actually teleporting there."

Thief's face grew pale white as she stared in disbelief at Kami. 

There  was no way she was about to take another magical portal after the
first  one with Kami. She would rather much be stuck in the Dungeon
again then  to go through one of those.

"I-I'm not going t-there's no way I'm taking a portal or some voodoo
magic stuff again! I'm allergic to magic,ku ku!" she said in a frantic
panic.

"You don't have to go, in fact that might be even better. With you here
you could let Sayu and Hiromichi know where we went. I'm not sure how
long this whole thing will take but I'm sure I'll be back sooner rather
than later."  

"Y-you're just trying to get rid of me! I get it I'm just dead weight
b-but I can be useful I promise!"

Kami tilted his head in confusion. It seemed Thief had the wrong idea
here.  This trip should not be taking long enough for any of that. In
fact, he  was pretty sure that if he could just challenge the Draconian
Hero right away and find out what he wanted, he would return that very
same day. It looked to him like everyone was taking this departure thing
a bit harder than it had to be.

"Tell you what, when I come back, I'll pay for all the alcohol you can
drink again."

Thief's panic was replaced with a sparkle in her eyes as she lunged at
Kami and held onto him tightly.

"Nyah~! You know me so well, fine I'll stick around and let the two know
where you went! Hehehe! More free booze~"

Kami stared down at Himari as Thief started to sing happily about
drinking while clinging onto him.

"What about you, you want to come along or would you rather stay here
with Thief. It won't be long till I return so-"

"No! I'll come with you Mister Kami." she pouted angrily at him.

Kami chuckled and shrugged as he made his way back.

Now that the small issue was settled, it was time to make his way to the
Draconian Empire.

