
"T-this is insane"

A young scrawny elven boy spoke as he fell down onto one of the chairs
next to his observing team members. He huffed for a few before letting
out a deep sigh.

"There's so many of them out there"

He spoke once more looking around the guild.

The place was in disarray as people ran back and forth with hardly a
moment to rest. It had never been this chaotic in the Adventurer Guild
before since he had decided to join. It was well understandable why.

Almost a day ago monsters started appearing outside the Elven Kingdom
capital of Nyledell. It wasn't any kind of monsters though, they were
all sorts of spirits and spectrum. It raised the cities alert to maximum
and mobilized all the troops available to defend the cities walls. The
Adventurer Guild in an attempt to aid had set an open quest to all
adventurers who were willing to participate in helping out eliminate
these creatures.

Ryul, a mere Rank 9 adventurer and his small group consisting of two
others also at his own Rank, had decided this would be a perfect chance
to make a name for himself and furthermore, gain levels and experience.

After accepting the quest from the guild, he and his group had headed to
the outer walls and spent hours upon hours killing monsters. He thought
after all his effort there should be a dent in these creature's numbers
but the more, he stood there an observed the more he realized their
numbers were only increasing as time continued.

Furthermore, the monsters did not seem to retaliate. In fact, they
simply allowed him and the others to continuously strike them down as if
completely oblivious to the fact that they were being attacked. They
also seemed to have no interest in attacking the city what so ever. All
they did was linger around the outside walls as if waiting for someone
to come and finish them off.

Needless to say, countless adventures poured out from the city to
participate in the same fight he and his friends were.

Nyledell was now in hyperactive mode at seeing to many monsters spawning
despite the countless efforts of everyone in the city. This caused
everyone to go in a panic and felt that it was only a matter of time
before these creatures decided to attack.

"Cheer up Ryul, we killed so many of them today, we even managed to
level up. This is probably the easiest I've ever had to work for a
level." another elf about Ryul's height spoke in a cheerful tone.

Both elves stared at each other for a bit before letting out a small laugh.

This was entirely true to some extent. Funny enough, it seemed everyone
around the kingdom who was willing to go and beat these monsters down
was getting a nice boost in experience they never had in all their
lives. If it wasn't for the fact that they were potentially facing an
attack from an unknown enemy, all those creatures would be a welcoming
sight for an adventurer.

Ryul looked down at his gear and back at his friends. He noticed how
much dirtier his friends' armor was compared to his own. His was
actually mostly intact while his friends looked like it needed some
cleaning. He accounted that this was due to the difference in Class types.

He was a scrawny mage. He focused primarily on using skills based around
illusions and mental strikes. When he got his enemies trapped right
where he wanted, he would dispatch them with his offensive skills. His
way of fighting was somewhat similar to that of an assassin except
without the need to be in close quarters.

His friend, Zaos, was a melee fighter. He would essentially front line
for his friends as he wielded a sword in one hand and a small buckle in
the other. It wasn't a tank per say but it was the best they had in this
little group of theirs.

Since their fighting styles were different, Zaos body was a bit more
developed and toned in comparison to Ryul's more fragile appearance.
However, in a battle of wits, Ryul always came on top.

"What about you, get a nice level boost since this all started?"

Ryu looked to the other side of the room where a somewhat smaller girl
sat in silence.

Illsevel was a bit quiet and spoke only when the conversation was
directed at her and even then, she kept her answers short. She was the
healer of the group but sometimes choose to fight alongside them. Her
skills were not fully optimized for healing or offensive so it was hard
to tell if she was even good or not. Her offensive magic was closely to
that of a mage, the basic spells and a few surprises here and there. The
strange part was her healing.

Most healers' skills are based around the Holy element, thus always
employing some form of light or grand spectacle when using. Hers
however, were not and were a bit more orthodox when she used them to say
the least.

"A bit..."

That was all they got from her.

Ryul glanced over at his friend as he let out a grin.

"Do you guys want to head back out after we check in the numbers we've
done so far?" asked Ryul as he stared up at the counters where the
guild's reception was.

It was packed with adventurer's checking in and checking out
consistently. The whole place really was in a turmoil from these
monsters appearing out of nowhere.

"Nah, forget checking in, lets just go back straight away. I'm itching
for some more EXP here. This is seriously wild." spoke Zaos as a sparkle
of excitement filled his eyes.

Ryul snorted letting out another sigh.

As much as he enjoyed the experience farming, he was growing physically
tired of doing this for hours. More so, they were getting nowhere with
this.

"On the bright side, every adventurer in the city seems to be getting
stronger just from beating on monsters all day. If they ever choose to
attack the city, we should be ready." replied Ryul trying to stretch the
time they rested for just a few more minutes.

"Ha, I wouldn't worry if they did. Those things are pretty weak. It
sucks they don't give more experience but with how many there are, we
can probably get a few more levels in-"

There was a sudden thundering noise and what sounded like winds blowing
harshly outside.

The guild and everyone in it stood in silence and horror for a long
while as the noise continued for what seemed like an eternity before
settling back down.

Everyone looked around confused and with a sense of dread about what
just happened. The noise seemed to come from the very skies themselves
as if the heavens were angry and in a turmoil. The mood had darkened in
the guild immediately as very few people moved around.

"W-what was that outside just now?" Ryul asked with eyes wide open.

His friend Zaos simply shook his head and Illsevel remain silent as she
looked down at the floor.

Everyone slowly regained their composure after hearing the swift sounds
that came from outside and decided to go outside and check it out.

A few of them made their way out and came back inside almost just as
quick as they shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders.

It appeared like everything was just the way it had been before the
commotion.

Ryul was still feeling a bit tense about it but figure it was probably
the monsters outside the walls making some loud noise or perhaps maybe
even moving out.

Zaos on the other hand seemed to have regained his demeanor as he looked
down at his sitting friends and smirked.

"Come on the let's go back out and kill so more. We should try to get as
strong as possible as fast as we can."

Ryul closed his eyes making struggling sounds.

"I'm so tired though can we just go tomorrow? Besides I only went
because I thought we would be able to stick out as adventurers from the
rest but everyone seems to be participating on this."

"All you care about is being famous, ha. Fine I'll head out and do a
little bit of solo killing, that sound fine with you two?"

Ryul and Ilsevel looked at each other and shrugged in response.

"Just be back tomorrow morning in one piece. I don't think we can find a
replacement for you in such short notice." grinned Ryul in a teasing tone.

Zaos let out a laugh as he turned around and waved his friends goodbye.

He barely managed to move a few feet away from them when the guilds door
swung open and a knight came rushing.

The knight immediately rushed up to the counter and began speaking with
one of the receptionists who was there.

Ryul observed curiously trying to listen in but it was no use. He was
too far and could barely make out any words he was saying.

The receptionist though looked somewhat shocked as she turned her
attention at everyone standing in the guild and spoke up.

"Attention adventurers! We have just received information that the
monsters outside the city have grown stronger. We are unsure of how this
has happened but in light of this new information. There will be a Rank
requirement from now on if you wish to further partake in hunting them
down. All those who do not comply with this will not be treated as
adventurers of the guild from this point on. Keep in mind they are still
showing no signs of hostility; however, we will not take any risk with
anyone below a certain level threshold!"

Ryul rubbed his chin as he fell into thought.

The monsters had grown stronger out of nowhere right after the commotion
outside. If he didn't know any better, this was somehow tied up to their
sudden spike in strength.

Ryul let out a heavy sigh as he stood up and looked outside the window
at the blackened sky.

"What the hell is going on?"

