
Shi sat on the throne of the Elven Kingdom casually throwing a few
grapes into his mouth. He stared at the blackened sky from the view the
windows around the castle provided and gave a satisfying smile.

This was as good as any plan he could have made. It was easy to walk
into this land and take over the throne that he held now. Of course, no
one knew that he had taken over, at least, not anyone that was fully
alive. He kept the King and his cabinet of members "alive" for him to
use as a mask whenever there was a need for them. As for his army, it
had been an easy task to slowly kill them and bring them back to life.
The transition had taken him virtually only a few overnight hours as he
moved around this great city. He decided to leave the commoners and
adventurer's alive for now, as he was testing out his plan on them.
However, as soon as he knew they were no longer needed, the will of
Death would fall on them as it did to all these men before him.

"From the news I've received, brother is currently in the human kingdom.
The humans were always his favorite toy. Hmph, they are all virtually
the same anyhow."

Shi continued to stare out the window before a shadowy figure emerged
besides him.

It slowly took shape into the familiar presence of the female who he had
killed and brought back at the beginning of his journey. She was still
wearing the same armor she had been before as she slowly got on one knee
and bowed before Shi.

"The creatures you have summoned have increased in strength as you have
order. The adventurers who are capable of slaying them are moving out
once more to kill as many as possible."

Shi nodded his head as he silently gazed into distance.

"Y-you said...you wouldn't-"

Shi brought his finger up to his mouth as she immediately grew quiet.

The force that commanded not only her but every aspect of military force
in this city was immeasurable. No one was able to resist his commands
despite the fact that they struggled to break free every second.

"Think of it this way, with me as the new ruler of this Kingdom. I
guarantee you that no nation in this world will be capable of standing
up to you Elves. Of course, I couldn't simply walk in here and ask the
King nicely to step down for me, that would just be rude. You see, in
our existence, those with power have always been at the top of the
chain. For an endless era, my brother has been the one that makes the
rules, even some time before that, our sister was the one who dictated
the rules of existence. I however, had never had my turn, and I doubt it
will come any time soon. Therefore, I will make my small little kingdom
here, in this insignificant universe, and in the process, play a game of
good vs evil with my brother."

The girl in armor remained in her knee, confused about what the mad man
in front of her was speaking about.

"With me as your king, this nation will prosper. However, I have to plan
a bit ahead here. Brother is in this world with infinite power and all.
That's something I can't face in my current situation, what to do, what
to do..."

The room grew quiet once more with the exception of the blowing winds
outside the castle walls. It was a long period of time before Shi looked
at the girl for the first time and gave her a gentle smile.

"How's the new ascended form feel? Are you used to it yet?"

The girl looked down at her hand as it trembled.

When they had arrived in the city, Shi had made his way into the castle
with the pretense of being a diplomat from the human kingdom. This would
not have usually have been enough but considering he was being
accompanied by a group of knights that were order to vouch for this lie
it had been an easy task to get inside. Once inside Shi spoke to the
King about his plan and the King had declared him a mad man and ordered
the knights to kill him.

She closed her eyes as she continued to think back at the events.

It had been so quick,  how he had easily handled everyone. At first it
was just the squadrons that could make their way towards him that were
eliminated in the bat of an eye. Then once he had dealt with any more
potential threats, he brought them all back to life and killed the king
with his own two hands before doing the same to him. After that he had
sent orders, to call back all knights who were currently outside the
castle, guarding the city back to the barracks for inspection. There he
continued his plan and slayed more of the knights just as easily and
once more, brought them back to life. It was terrifying knowing there
was a man out there who could do such a thing with great ease but at the
same time, the way he dealt with it was very casual.

There were no signs of him enjoying, or hating, or even doing this for a
righteous cause or evil intent. When he killed someone, it looked to her
like it was just simply something that had to be done. As if their time
had come and as the deliverer of death it was up to him to bring their
lives to an end.

Once he had finished making sure every knight and guard in the capital
city was under his control, he had them all return to their posts as if
nothing had happened. No one noticed how in just a short amount of time,
they had lost control of the entire Elven Kingdom.

Then as a follow up, as a "grand gesture" he did something to her. She
wasn't sure what it had been or how he had gone about doing it but she
felt herself change. It was a strange sensation, borderline between life
and death. It was different than the lifeless being she had been before
when he had brought her back to life. There was new strength in this
form and life suddenly seemed to her like something that was trivial.
She had been ordered to go and take the lives of a few others in which
she noticed the same effect of his words still worked over her despite
her nature change. When she did as Shi told, she noticed how easily
taking the lives of someone she thought was innocent felt, as though she
was a simple collector who had come to claim what was owed to her. This
new fearful form had made her dull to the concept of taking lives and
scared her even more.

"It's...I've gotten much more used to it."

Shi nodded his head and continued to smile.

"I've made so many of you before but this is probably the first time
there's something like you here. I can't sense any other reapers in this
universe which means there's another force in this world that drives
death. Sneaky brother, he's kept a few universes outside my sight I see."

Shi chuckled as he stood up from the throne and stretched out.

"I've had the knight's cycle through waves of creatures that are
endlessly spawning outside to continuously level up. I can't hold back
the adventurers from trying to get in the action without looking
somewhat suspicious...well even more so than already. If this keeps up
this nation's soldiers will eventually become the most powerful across
all the land. We can begin moving out towards other parts of the Elven
Kingdom and proceed to doing the same thing to other branches of
military that are out there. Eventually one single soldier will be more
than enough to topple every nation on this planet."

Shi smiled once more as he took in a deep breath.

"Slow and steady...slow and steady..."

"Do you plan to turn everyone into an undead being that follows your
every order?"

"Perhaps. I do not intend to make them my slaves if that's what you
mean. They will be free to do as they wish. I just seek their lives and
in exchange I shall grant them immortality through death. This world of
life and creation belongs to my brother, but where there is no life,
there is no claim."

The girl continued to stare at the young man in front of her as he swung
his arms around. She did not know what this obsession with his brother
he had but whatever it was, it was the force that drove this man to do
every action thus far.

Shi fell into deep thought as he tried to figure out a solution for his
brother. As long as he was here, he could easily overturn everything Shi
did. With a simple snap of his fingers Shi's work would become nothing
and the game would come to an early finish. He had to come up with a way
to lock Kami's infinite source of power as he had done to his. This was
the fun of it after all. Just like old times when Kami and Shi played
with creation.  Now it was a repeat of those old times, and Shi was
excited. Anyhow, he was going for a win this time, so he needed his
brother's powers temporarily neutralized at least.

Shi gave a heavy sigh as he looked up at the sky.

There was perhaps once being out there who could manage this difficult
task.

