
Kami looked around as he walked through the streets of the Draconian
Empire. It was a similar feel to that of the capital city back in the
human kingdom.

People going about their own days, shops and other small businesses
displaying their goods to any whose eyes caught their attention. Others
walking around talking among themselves and discussing.

It was all eerily the same except for the location. The people as well,
if that's what they chose to be called, were different.

Kami had learned about the few small characteristics that separated what
was a normal human and a Dragon-kin. He found himself looking more
closely as they pass by him trying to take note of their scales around
their bodies and their distinct pupils to his own. He was almost a
little too excited knowing that he now stood in an entirely different land.

He wasn't the only one that was taking notice of the details that
separated him from everyone else. As he walked around the streets trying
to get a feel for the place, there were many whose eyes wandered in his
direction.

They noticed his different clothing and began to analyze him closer only
to realize that he wasn't one of their own. The main give away was his
eyes, which were the easiest thing to distinguish. Soon there were more
than just a few who glanced over at him and spoke in whispers about this
new comer.

/Guess humans don't come around here often. It seems like these kingdoms
are mostly just one race only deal. That's a shame, I hope there's one
or two of them out there with a variety of races co existing. /

When he had arrived through teleportation magic, they had let him know
that their Hero, whose name they wanted to keep omitted for some unknown
reason, would be running a day late.

The initial plan was to bring him over and have a feast to welcome Kami,
the now known Hero of Tyr and guest of the Draconian Empire, and
afterwards have him spent the night in one of their more lucrative
rooms. Then, bright and early in the morning, they would make their way
to their Colosseum that is usually open 24/7 and announce the friendly
competition to many of the viewers as a surprise kind of deal.
Apparently, they had planned to make this something that many could see
but not many knew about.

However, for some unknown reason, their Hero had been tangled up in some
other business and he would be running late, therefore giving Kami
sometime to look around the city and find something interesting to do.

They insisted to go through with the feast and had wanted to properly
treat him as though it was royalty but Kami was not having any of it. He
wanted to be treated like a Hero but to him it seemed like they were
starting to treat him more like royalty, which was something he much
rather avoid consider that was his condition of living for an endless era.

Kami had denied all that and decided instead to roam around along with
Himari and find any new goods that he would be able to purchase.
Although he was running somewhat low on gold compared to what he had,
Kami was sure it was more than enough to buy some new gear and scrolls
if he stumbled across anything good.

/I wonder if I should buy new gear though. I did say that Gorgraen would
be where I directly get all my new gear from. Hmmm, I suppose this
doesn't apply to skill scrolls and such. /

He noticed after a while of pondering that Himari was staring curiously
at him.

"Something wrong?"

She shook her head and turned a bit red before turning her attention
elsewhere.

Kami decided not to look too much into it and went back into his own
personal thoughts.

/You know this is not that different from the human kingdom. It's all
virtually the same so far. I would love to find some of their local
Magic shops or something. I want to buy some new skills for Himari. Ah,
also, I'm going to be staying here just a bit longer than I thought. Is
Sayu going to be alright by herself? She should be fine I mean,
Hiromichi is with her. Should I try and send a message somehow to let
her know? No, Thief said she would explain the situation. /

He once again noticed Himari's stare on him as he looked once more at her.

She quickly glanced away trying to hide the fact that she was staring.

/What's with her? Maybe there's something on my clothes or something and
she's too embarrassed to say? No that's not it, my face maybe? Don't
really want to ask her again, if she doesn't want to tell me. /

He shrugged it off and looked back at the street. If it was important,
she would probably let him know sooner or later. With very little worry
he resumed his previous thoughts.

/Asahi, Marie, and Keishi are pretty much gone now though. Not like
Hiromichi, Sayu and Thief that are just waiting for me to get back at
this point. Well as I said, I didn't think they would stick around that
long to begin with. Might make my way to the Elven Kingdom after this
whole business is done...or maybe I should explore more of the areas
around these kingdoms. All I have explored so far is one little village,
two capital cities, and a forest. There's probably other fantastic areas
within these two nations I should take a look at. /

As he thought about this the sense of excitement returned to him. He had
been so focused on being the Hero since he got here, he forgot there was
a side to adventuring he completely ignored. Soon as he was done with
this business, he would be doing a lot more exploring.

Kami turned his eyes over at Himari in one swift movement catching her,
ones more staring at him.

She shrunk this time as her eyes turned and wandered the ground in front
of her.

/Wonder what's going on with her? If she has something to say I would
like it if she would just come out and say it. Ah, maybe she's just
nervous about being somewhere completely different. Being surrounded by
others of a different species might be a bit overwhelming for her. /

Kami lifted his hand slowly and patted her head as they walked.

He noticed her face become slightly flushed again as she shrunk deeper
down.

"M-mister Kami..."

Kami's raised his eyebrows and simply responded.

"What's the matter Himari?"

"You're a lot stronger than what you were back...back then when you
tried to..."

She remained silent as Kami stared back at her.

Of course, how could he have forgotten. Himari was under a curse that he
had promised to break. That must have been why she was acting so
nervously around him since they got here.

Kami smiled and patted her head once again.

"The curse right? Don't worry I'm pretty sure it should be easy to break
now."

Her eyes lit up as she finally perked up once more. She seemed incapable
of standing still now as her excitement oozed out from within her.

Without his Omniscient passive on it seems it was even possible for
something to slip past his own mind. It was a strange feeling he had at
realizing this but came to terms with it just as quickly. It didn't
matter to him at this moment anyway, this was essentially a vacation for
him.

Kami held his fingers up and smiled.

"Are you ready?"

Himari nodded her head as they stood in silence.

Kami snapped his fingers as a vortex of dark energy surrounded Himari.

He realized almost immediately that breaking the curse in the middle of
an open crowd was probably not a good idea as the commotion caused by it
unraveling its grip from Himari attracted a large attention.

Some people began panicking at the sight of the dark aura surrounding a
small child and others simply froze in fear.

The energy began unraveling more furiously as the force it exuded began
causing the people closer to them to be thrown back.

Kami smiled as he looked straight at Himari as the winds violent rushed
across his face.

Her body began glowing as its shape began to change.

Some of the guards around the street noticed the commotion and 
mobilized towards Kami and Himari as they surrounded them with their
weapons out.

Kami let out a small laugh at seeing this and continued to observe the
change in Himari.He was pretty sure he was going to be thrown in jail
for this.

