
The draconian male with the glasses chuckled as if he had just heard a
humorous joke as he walked side by side with Kami.

"Next  time you wish to break a curse of that magnitude, might I suggest
doing  so in a more appropriate area. The middle of the city is a bit of
a red flag  to do so."

Kami yawned and nodded his head in agreement.

It was surprisingly slow how they had responded. He had spent the night
locked up this time  around. It wasn't until the morning that word had
gotten to the castle  that Kami had been locked up and they had
immediately called for his  release.

"However, we do apologize for the misunderstanding on our part. We will
make sure to take the precautionary steps so this doesn't happen again
Hero Kami."

The man spoke calmly as he wrote down a few notes on some papers he had
in hand.

He  was actually more curious about the situation than he let him know. 
Something Kami was more than likely unaware of was that the city is 
being protected by a very powerful skill casted by the most elite mages 
in the Empire's disposal. This spell detected any abnormally high
energy  and would notify the Kingdom's mages of a potential threat.

Upon  Kami's arrival the skill had taken off and reported the reading's
on  Kami's strength. The results were baffling and he could simply not 
explain. 

They  showed that Kami's energy was essentially divine energy, which
should  not be too strange considering he was a Hero with a God's
Blessing.  However, the reading was much higher than any Hero they had
ever  recorded in all history which somehow brought a sweat to his
forehead.

Not  so long after that, at the time he had claimed to break a curse on
his  companion, there was a reading yet again of a divine level, coming
from  that girl. Unlike Kami's though this power was much darker and
menacing  before disappearing. This more than likely mean that whatever
power had cursed this young girl was a God level being.

To  add even more, once the girl had been broken from her curse, the 
following readings showed that she had near divine level strength
imbedded into her as well, which should not be surprising since Kami had
shared the fact that she was a Stat Companion.

What  this all basically meant was that there was something large in
play  here, something at a whole different level that none of them
understood  and it made him wary of having brought Kami to this land. 

He  relayed the news to the King and he had simply remained silent in
his  throne, more than likely trying to take all the information in.

In  truth they had found out almost instantly about the fiasco with
Kami  but had decided to drag it as long as possible. The King was
beginning  to doubt this friendly competition  with the Hero Kami but
eventually decided to remain on track. They had  already called back
their own Hero back from his own business and he  would more than likely
not take being called back for nothing very  lightly.

Now here he was, trying to maintain his calm and cool in front of this
potential monster of a being.

"Well  it's fine anyhow. That eliminated the rest of the day yesterday
and  brought us closer to the match. Tomorrow your Hero should arrive,
right? I'm really looking forward to this fight." commented Kami as he
smiled brightly.

The man in glasses shivered slightly adjusting his glasses once more.

The confidence that their Hero would stand a chance had quickly
disappeared upon Kami's arrival to the Empire. At best he hoped they
would trade even.

"Yes, well,  if everything goes as scheduled some time tomorrow the
event will be  taking place. Now if there's anything else I could do for
you don't hesitate to ask."

"Actually, where is Himari? I didn't really get to see her before I was
being dragged away by your guards."

He was glad that the Hero in front of him was the way he was. There is
no doubt in his mind that if Kami had chosen to not let himself be
caught,  he could have easily done so. Yet, here they were, having to
release  him from jail through the legal terms of their system without a
single hassle.

"She's fine, when we found her, she was unconscious. Early today she
came to and has been asking for you since. Once we make it outside, she
should be waiting for you."

Kami nodded his head once more and grew silent.

/"He  doesn't really give much path for a conversation. He asks what he
wants  to know and then grows quiet. This is somewhat troublesome. I 
wanted to find out more about his origin and even what God has given
him  his blessing. The more information we can find out the better but
it's  difficult to get him to talk. Perhaps I should try just asking
him. He  looks earnest enough not to hide details as such." /

He opened his mouth ever so slightly to speak but before anything came
out, they reached the exit.

Kami seemed almost oblivious to what could be crossing the man's mind as
he made his way out.

The sun was perched high above the sky as his eyes quickly adjusted to
the change in light.

He blinked a few as he looked around and finally saw what he was looking
for.

In front of him, just a few feet away, stood Himari looking anxiously
his way.

As soon as Kami and her locked eyes she ran up to him and hugged him
tightly.

"Thank you, Mister Kami!"

Her voice had a higher pitch now that she was her normal age. The hug
was a bit more of a happy greeting from seeing a longtime friend than
the normal child who embraced onto the parent one that her stature only
allowed for before this point.

Her eyes once more had that lightly brown sand look to them as they shun
brightly  at Kami. Her height had increased, and now she was just ways
on Kami's  shoulders. The white robe dress that he had purchased for her
had surprisingly also changed in size according to her own transformation.

Kami remembered the person who sold him the gear letting him know that
the gear was enchanted to self-adjust according to the user.

It  was a feature he had overlooked considering it wasn't really
something  he was interested in but was happily to remember now that it
had come to  be so useful. He could only imagine the result of her small
body  suddenly increasing without her clothing changing size.

/Wait had that not happened before already when she temporarily  grew
older? Does that mean her original gear that she had was enchanted  the
same way or was that just some feature the seller thought of  scamming
me with? Ah, doesn't matter I suppose, it all worked out  anyway. /

Himari continued to hugged Kami without any intention of letting go
anytime soon.

Kami simply stood there in silence, waiting for her to get any more
affection she had for him out of her system.

It was a few minutes before she finally released him and smiled warmly
at him with what looked like teary eyes.

"I'm sorry, I'm just really happy. I knew you would be able to break my
curse I just never imagined it would be so fast after meeting you."

Kami tilted his head a bit. Even her speech was a bit different, bit
more coherent and not a lot of high to low tone and back. 

/Guess adding a few years does that to you. Well either way glad that's
done  with, suppose I still have to help her look for her parents though. /

Himari  rubbed her eyes gently as her smile continued to shine brightly
across  her face. Her eyes continued to lock themselves alongside his as
she  finally nodded her head and bowed slightly.

"Please, continue to take care of me and I promise to do my best as the
greatest apprentice I can be... Kami."

Kami was slightly startled by this. It had always been 'Mister Kami'
this 'Mister Kami' that but now she was calling him by his name only.
She was definitely bolder now and perhaps was starting to see him as her
equal rather than this shiny star in the sky.

"Of course, I always take care of my team members"

As he said this, he patted her head once more. It was a bit different
than normal as he had to raise his hand higher than he would usually
have to. Her hair was also much softer and longer now that  he noticed.
Through an objective stance with nothing else in the matter,  she was
definitely a good-looking girl for her age and would more than likely be
attracting a lot more attention now that she looked as she did now.

There was a sudden cough from the back that snapped both Kami and Himari
back into reality as they looked in the direction of the noise.

It was the draconian man with the glasses staring at them the whole time
in silence.

"If you would please, I think it best that you follow me to the castle
first, before deciding to head out anywhere else. There's a few things
we would like to take care of before that."

Kami smiled and nodded.

"Lead the way,"

