
Kami stood still in the middle of the Colosseum as a fire attack large
enough to cover part of the arena engulfed him.

The temperature rose rapidly for a few seconds before the flames
dissipated as Kami stood in the same exact same spot smiling.

Himari lowered her staff and gave a slight sigh followed by a refreshing
smile and spoke.

"I still can't do much even with my increase in strength."

"Ah, that's only because you're challenging me. That's hardly what I
call a fair fight", he replied as he activated his [Data] skill.

[Status Bar]

Name: Himari Chiba

LVL:12

EXP: 156/6000

Title: Loli In-Training

Class: Companion/ Mage

HP: 975/975

Stamina: 935

Mana: 1030/1030

Strength: 932

Endurance: 974

Intelligence: 1019

Dexterity: 937

Charisma: 950

Wisdom: 986

"You're title still hasn't changed, that's a bit disappointing. I was
kind of looking forward to getting rid of it." Kami commented as he
closed off her stats from his sight.

"Me too..." Himari mumbled.

She seemed equally disappointed but it seemed like it was for an
entirely different reason.

Kami looked up at the open sky which was now growing darker once more
signaling the end of the day.

After getting a few paperwork done back at the castle they had been
allowed to leave once more and travel around the city. He had suggested
that they go and visit the colosseum in which they would be fighting
tomorrow. It had been hours since he had stood here training Himari a
bit but she only seemed more and more disappointed with herself the more
Kami swatted away her every attack.

"Didn't that glasses dragonkin guy ask us to be back for the feast
around this time. We're probably missing it as it is."

Himari nodded her head in agreement as she walked towards Kami.

"Hmmm, come to think of it, events have been kind of moving past me kind
of strangely. It's like times moving a bit fast these couple of days
don't you think? Suddenly I'm breaking the curse, the next I'm being
released from jail and now we're here. Like a badly paced novel or
something..." Kami commented as he stared blankly into the sky.

Himari looked at him in confusion as Kami continued to fix his gaze on
the sky.

He finally shrugged and smiled down at her.

"Once we're done with this friendly competition business we can go to
some shops where they sell skills. I'm sure the Draconian Empire capital
city has a good collection of them. We can probably start teaching you a
few more advanced skills instead of the basic once you know."

Himari returned the smile and wrapped herself around Kami's arm.

"Thank you, Mister Kami!"

/Ahhh so we're back on Mister Kami. It seems she hasn't made up her mind
on what to call me yet. Fine by me either way. /

"Well we should head on back then. They'll probably be sending people to
look for us soon. We did sneak into the Colosseum while it was closed
down. Don't think he actually wanted us to go IN the Colosseum just
visit it. Might want to avoid being tossed in jail again."

Himari giggled and nodded her head excitedly.

They barely managed to move a few steps before two figures appeared in
their line of sight.

Kami and Himari stopped in their tracks as the figures slowly made their
way towards them in the distance.

Kami was able to easily see shapes of the figures even from such a gap.

The first was a tall bulky man in a dark and red glimmering armor. It
was jagged and had the rough feel and exterior look of what the dragon
did back in the city of Alzel that Kami had killed. Around his neck
dangled a crimson red cape that waved in the gentle wind. Around the
side of his shoulder he could see the hilt of what looked like a great
sword. It had a crimson black look and there was an aura of energy that
emanated from it. As for his face, he couldn't see it behind the helm
and hood on top of it that he wore. He gave a warrior/two hand wield
vibe in Kami's perspective despite the clearly heavy weapon he carried
around.

The second was smaller in comparison to the colossal next to him. He was
young looking a bit older looking than what Himari was now. He was a bit
bulky as well, nothing compared to the man but his qualities were more
defined. He wore a leather vest on top of what looked like a trimmed
verdant jerkin in which he could still reveal his muscles. His trousers
were loose beige made of silk and had large brown boots. He wore the
same fashion hood and cape as the first man except it was mostly all
black in contrast. His face was somewhat smug has his dark grey eyes
stared down at them. The jagged ends of this guy's hair could be seen
sticking out from the top of the hood he wore over his head.

Kami continued to analyze the kid further. He came to the conclusion
after seeing how he swung his arms around that this kid was probably a
melee fighter but was still cautious of this conclusion. There was no
weapon on him but it could also mean he was a mage like Himari or
something he had not encountered yet.

It wasn't long before the two figures were only a couple of feet away
from them as they came to a halt.

There was a moment of silence as the only noise that could be heard was
the wind blowing past them.

/Well is this not a cool entrance here. The mysterious figures showing
themselves in such a way that it leaves the player wondering who the
secret identity of these two are. Well if I know any better- /

"Greetings Hero Kami. I've heard quite a few stories about you. I must
say with all due respect, you look less impressive in person compared to
what they make you out to be." said the first man.

His voice was rough and deep almost to the point that it seemed he was
forcing it. However, despite that it was strong and direct.

"Yes well, I've heard...nothing about you I suppose."

The boy next to him snickered a bit before returning back to normal.

Himari seemed to take this as an offense as she frowned at the boy but
almost immediately returned to her normal posture as well.

"I beg your pardon. The name is Drairgun. I am one of these nations most
powerful Heroes. I will be your opponent in tomorrow's scrimmage."

/Jackpot! Who else but a Hero would have an entrance like that. Casually
stroll with all that aura of power towards me. That's anime 101 right
there./

Kami looked once more at the man who towered over him and smiled. How
lucky for him to have met earlier than intended.

"Well is that not just convenient."

The man looked over at Himari and stared in silence before speaking once
more.

"I am surprised a human picked such a young one to be his apprentice.
They usually are a bit older before being picked. I can't speak from
memory however, it has been a while since I've heard of a human Hero."

"Not sure of the customs honestly. I just went with what I had."

The man remained silent once more before nodding his head.

"A strong warrior makes due with the gifts nature hands. I've come for a
request, if you might listen so."

"What is it?"

"We are to fight tomorrow of course. However, my apprentice has not had
the opportunity to measure his strength against an apprentice of another
Hero. Would it be too much to request a friendly fight between them
right now. You are free to step in if you feel the fight is going too far."

Kami's eyes lit up as he looked at Himari.

This was an interesting chance that presented itself in front of him. He
definitely wanted to see the result between two 'apprentice', or so he
called them. Of course this would be up to Himari to decided.

Himari's eyes were filled with determination as she gripped her staff
and nodded her head confidently.

"I must be frank, I am intrigued at seeing who has done a better job at
training their own. This is a reflection of my own strength so to
speak." spoke Drairgun

Kami shrugged and smiled as he returned his attention back to the giant.

"Very well, I'm a bit curious myself to see who is stronger. You ready
Himari?"

She nodded her head once more as she stepped up and faced the young boy.

They both stared at each other preparing themselves for a fight.

