
Himari and the boy stood in front of each other a couple of feet away
staring each other down.

The boy seemed a confident as he grinned at her and crossed his arms.

"Don't worry I'll try holding back a little. Master doesn't believe in
going all out on someone weaker than him, and neither do I."

Himari's expression remained the same as she analyzed him. She lifted
her staff to her side as a sign that she was ready to fight whenever he
was.

"Name's Doryu, not that you bother asking anyhow. You are?"

The boy remained relaxed as Himari opened her mouth only to remain
silent for a while before speaking up.

"Himari."

Doryu nodded his head a few times before finally raising his guard. He
took a fighting stance as he lifted his arms in front of himself as
though they were fangs and lowered his posture.

Himari figured the same thing Kami had thought and believed the boy in
front of her was a melee fighter. This was an advantageous fight on her
side as long as she could maintain some distance. She would have to keep
the edge over him considering she couldn't tell how strong he was.

"Fly!"

An aura surrounded her as she began floating in place.

With this in play, she would be able to freely keep her distance away
from him.

The boy simply grinned as he stared at her in response.

"You look almost threating in that position. I think you're probably
more looks than skill though but we'll see."

Himari was trying to keep her cool but the mocking nature of the boy was
starting to knag her. She lifted her staff and aimed it at Doryu.

"Fire!"

A wave of flames shot out from the tip of the staff as it swiftly made
its way towards Doryu.

His reaction seemed almost delayed but once the fire was close enough,
he moved himself to the side barely avoiding the straight shot of
flames. In a close second after that he ran towards Himari at full speed.

He was moving faster than Himari imagined. She raised herself higher
into the air and moved away from him as she waved her staff once more.

A wall of earth emerged from the ground blocking Doryu's path but he
simply snorted.He clutched his fist and punched the wall that had raised
itself from the ground instantly shattering it as he continued his pursuit.

Himari raised her staff into the air and yelled out.

"Lightning!"

A bolt of energy came crashing down from the sky immediately striking
Doryu where he stood.

He was a bit surprised at the attack but otherwise seemed unaffected as
he stumbled back for a bit. Doryu shook his head a few trying to get his
head in place as he grinned back at Himari once again.

"That was a bit stronger than I expected it to be. I felt the sting of
that. Honestly, I just let that hit me so I could tell how it would feel."

Doryu lowered his arms as if casually having a conversation with her.

"I can tell that you've never been in a fight with one of our kind
though. If you had, there's no way you would be using magic, unless,
that's all the skills you really know how to do."

Himari stared down at him in confusion but decided to use this as a
chance to strike. She aimed her staff once more at Doryu.

"Ice!"

Doryu was smacked with a sudden burst of chill as he stumbled back once
more. It seemed he had gone from chasing Himari down to simply standing
and taking her attacks.

However, Doryu once more recovered his composure and laughed.

"Let me tell you something about our kind! We have a higher resistance
to magic based skills. If you want to do more than chunk little bits of
HP at a time you're going to have to do a little more than cast beginner
magic at me!"

Himari bit her lips in a worried expression.

She had no idea that Dragonkin were supposed to be more resistant to
magic skills. Perhaps this small skirmish was not as advantageous as she
had thought. All her skills were magic based so there was nothing she
could do. Even so she would expect her skills to be doing a bit more
damage considering her stats. Himari was well aware that compared to
Kami her stats were nothing but she would have figured that compared to
most other people they were probably higher.

"If only I could see his stats..." Himari whispered under her breath.

Almost as if reading her lips Doryu laughed once more and responded.

"I bet you wish you could see my stats. Even if you had a Data skill my
stats are Omitted for situations just like this. Giving information to
your opponent that valuable just means you're asking for it. To be
honest I saw all your information from the beginning of this fight. I
know exactly how strong you are. Impressive but nothing I can't handle."

Himari glared down at the boy who continued to look down at her. She
raised her free arm and spoke in a calm manner.

"Witch Doll"

A glyph appeared on the ground next to Doryu as he looked down at it in
surprise.

"Witch Doll, never heard of that one" he mumbled as he stared at the
small little doll appear from within the glyph.

The doll stood there silently staring up at Doryu as if waiting for him
to react.

Himari would have to escalade the attacks and make sure they hurt. Maybe
one single cast of a magic skill would not be enough but if he were to
go up against two casters of equal strength.

"Fire Strike!"

As she spoke a barrage of fireballs appeared behind her and launched
towards him.

Doryu simply looked up and chuckled.

"This once is a bit more interesting,please h-"

He looked down where the witch doll stood as he noticed a glowing light
of flames coming out from the tip of the doll's small staff.

He was struck at point blank by the same skill Himari was casting and
almost immediately from the sky above another wave of fireballs landed
on top of him.

"D-dam it what was that!" he yelled out as he lowered his face hiding it
from the turbulence of heat around him.

He was soon engulfed in a spectacle of fire that raised itself into the
sky. It wasn't long before the flames died out and, in its place, stood
Doryu.

Himari tighten her grip on her staff as she saw him standing there,
still looking ready to fight.

Doryu had a few burning smudges across his face and arms and looked as
if he had taken a bit of damage but otherwise seemed more than able to
continue fighting.

Unlike the previous two times where he had allowed the skills to hit
him, he did not look as happy about this one.

"A summon that copies a skill. Useful way to double an attacks damage
but even so, not good enough! Not going to be happening again!"

In one swift movement he kicked the witch doll back as it was sent
flying back across the ground.

Himari looked at the witch doll as it finally came to a halt and stood
up as if nothing had happened to it. Even so she couldn't help but feel
her blood boil.

"It doesn't matter how little damage you take as long as you can't get
to me, I'll chip at your HP!" she said frantically trying to reassure
herself

"Why don't you come down here and see how fast I can take your HP down.
Tell you what though if you give up now, I can make sure this doesn't
end badly. After all you're awfully cute to be fighting it out with
someone like me." Doryu said smirking up at her.

Himari bit her lip once more. Thanks to to her passives and her improved
stats she could keep fighting for much longer. This was nothing to her;
however, she would have to keep barraging her magic skills and hope that
he wouldn't be able to dodge them. Up until this point she had only
managed to hit him because he had allowed her to. It wasn't till the
point in which she did a surprise attack with the Witch Doll that she
managed to get in a first real hit and the results were less than she
expected.

She looked to the side of the arena and noticed Kami and the Draconian
Hero standing tall. Their presence had disappeared in her mind as she
had focused completely on the fight. Himari saw Kami looking up at her
with a confident smile. She was suddenly filled with confidence. If Kami
could stand there and smile at her it must mean that she has a chance at
beating this guy.

Himari raised her staff once more as she took in a deep breath and
smiled back at Doryu for the first time. This was no time to doubt
herself, besides there was still something she had up her sleeve.

"Heh! What's this now? Did you fall for me with all my sweet talk?"
asked Doryu as he raised his arms once more.

"Kami's watching me fight, how could I give up?" said Himari with a
new-found confidence.

Himari raised her staff over her head as the sky grew dark. There was a
sudden flash of light from the sky above as a thunderous noise echoed.

Doryu looking alarmed for the first time, looking around in confusion.

If her more basic magic skills wouldn't work, she would simply have to
hit him with something a little harder.

