
"Ah, would you take a look at this familiar sight."

Kami stared at the darkened sky with close attention. He knew what this
was and it would cause a significant impact.

He simply smiled and jumped further back into the sides of the colosseum
as Drairgun,the Hero of the Draconian Empire looked at him.

It was evident by Kami's reaction that whatever was about to follow was
going to cause a huge blast radius to him as he finally jumped back
himself once again shoulder length to Kami.

They remained silent once more staring at Himari in the air raising her
staff as the sky continued to grow darker.

Kami realized that it must be a lot more difficult for Himari to use
that skill considering how long it was taking for her to release it. The
amount of Mana consumption to her own ratio should be incredibly large.
She was clearly going for an all-in finisher. Regardless though, Kami
was aware that although the skill was a powerful one; if her opponent
had the stats to mitigate that damage, it wouldn't be as effective.

Finally, no longer being able to wait any further, Himari yelled out.

"Smite!"

A stream of light appeared from the sky as it instantly hit the ground
in which Doryu stood.

Any noise or visibility of him disappeared inside the stream of light
that was now descending down.

As if that wasn't enough the Witch Doll followed short after that also
raising its small staff.

The stream of light intensified now with the aid of the Witch Doll
becoming larger and even louder ithan it was before.

Kami stared impressed at the fact that Himari was able to use such a
move. He wasn't sure when it was that she had learned it. He came to the
conclusion that it was more than likely an effect of the Stat Companion
that allowed that skill to be used by her but he didn't know much about
the details. He would have to learn a bit more exactly about how a Stat
Companion works.

Drairgun on the other hand stood perfectly still as he looked on at the
spectacle in front of him. It was hard to make out what he thought about
what was transpiring considering his helmet blocked his reaction but
Kami thought he sense his aura intensify.

/Could it be he's actually infuriated? Is he mad that Himari went for
such a strong skill so early into the fight or is it something else? /

Kami stared back at the fight and took a few notes from what was
happening. First of all, the Smite version Himari was using was
significantly smaller than his own even with the second done by the
Witch Doll helping her own out. This was probably due to the power
difference or the fact that his own Skill version of Smite was Max
Level. Second was that it appeared to have a cast time when Himari used
it. He wasn't sure if this was truly because it was a stronger or harder
skill to use or simply because her version of it had one to begin with.
It could also be that due to it probably being Smite with a Level 1
usage, it had the downside of a cast time.

He shrugged as he placed the thoughts in the back of his head. It would
seem even similar Skills had a slight difference. Kami had taken note of
this earlier on in some fights.

/If she killed him, am I going to have to Resurrect? Ah, I can't say I'm
ok with this but I would really prefer if she won. Either case too late
to stop it now. /

The stream of light finally died of leaving in its aftermath a
half-destroyed arena. In the center of it all was Doryu, on both his
knees breathing heavily.

He seemed badly injured to the point where he could potentially
collapse. Doryu stared down at the ground before speaking with the small
amount of strength that he had.

"Y-you got some bite, th-this is nothing though, just something....to
overcome. Had I not activated my defense skill, Armor Point, it would
have costed me this fight..."

As he spoke, he slowly raised himself back on his feet. He wobbled back
and forth for a while struggling to keep his balance.

Himari looked down at him with a sense of pride. This would be the first
time she stood tall over someone else and it was especially satisfying
knowing that it was someone that was mocking her strength.

"This is enough don't you think?" Himari suggested out of compassion.

Doryu sneered as he closed his eyes.

"This is far from over princess."

Suddenly there was steam coming out from Doryu's body. It looked as if
he was over heating as his body began turning into a shade of red. His
wounds began slowly closing and his vigor returned. His state improved
as the steam continued to emanate from his body.

In just what was a few seconds he opened his eyes and smirked once again.

"W-what happened?" asked Himari in a frantic tone.

"I have to say I've never seen anything like that, in fact I never
thought you would hurt me so much. Even now I'm not at one hundred but
I'm good enough to keep going."

Kami tilted his head and stared at the boy.

"That was a healing skill but not exactly one I've seen before."

"Renovate." answered Drairgun.

"It's a skill with no cost. Most healing magic uses one's own Mana and
is strengthen by their stats but not Renovate. It heals back for a
percentage of damage taken within a time period. Its effect is almost
instantaneous but it has a cooldown to it. A handy skill a mage like
Doryun can use regardless of his Class or Stats."

Kami looked at Drairgun in confusion. If he had just heard correctly, he
had just called Doryun a mage.

Almost as if reading his thought Drairgun nodded his head and spoke once
more.

"This has indeed been a fight between two mages so far. Doryun has yet
to show the full display of skills he has in store."

Kami sighed and looked back at the fight.

He was under the illusion that Doryu was a melee fighter this whole time
but as it turned out he was actually a mage. If he was able to out class
Himari without even using his magic skills it would mean certain trouble
for her.

"Your apprentice is young, and from the looks of it you two have barely
been traveling with each other. Her stats are indeed something to awe
at, however, her skills are just the basics. That one skill she used was
the only surprising factor, outside of that her skills have been subpar
at best. You've more than likely bought her the best gear possible and
the most skills available in stores around your cities. This is a basic
way of thinking when it comes and an acceptable one for a beginner
adventurer. Real combat and skills are acquired through fights and
traveling the world. As you do, your apprentice grows in experience. I'm
afraid to say Doryu is far better at this than your own. He has not even
bother to show your apprentice any of his own experience in combat. Do
not take what I say here as an offense but you have not trained your own
apprentice properly for anything."

Kami frowned as he heard these words.

Even if he was somewhat right, he was only trying to play around this
world's rules. If he truly intended to make Himari more powerful he
could easily do so with a snap of his fingers. This was definitely a
slap to his own ego and he would have to see the due is paid.

"Suppose you have a point. The fight is not over though, we should keep
watching." he replied with a smile.

Himari floated back down to the arena as she began breathing heavily.
Using Smite had costed her a large portion of Mana that she had. She
would no longer be able to do a second cast even if she wanted to. If
Doryu was still able to fight this would mean she would have to go back
to using her normal skills. She was well aware how ineffective they were
but even so, she couldn't back down.

The Witch Doll who up to this moment had been standing still suddenly
collapsed. Its small body made a thud noise as it began de materializing
and disappeared.

Himari stared in confusion before looking back up at a laughing Doryu.

"The summon must have been exhausted from using such a powerful attack.
It looks like it has its own limits according to its summoner."

Himari frowned as she once more floated lightly over the ground and
raised her staff.

If Doryu insisted in continuing she would have to go with chipping away
at his HP little by little. Casting multiple skills of low cost would be
no problem to her considering her passive cut the price of all of them.

She had managed to hear in on what Drairgun had said about Doryu being a
mage. Himari was trying to play it off as no big deal but in truth this
put her in a nervous state. Considering he had yet to use any actual
skill and she had already showed a large display of all her own it would
mean he had the advantage now. So far the only skill she knew he had was
Renovate. At the same time, with that skill out of the way, the next
time she dropped his HP, he would stay down.

Doryu lifted his arms and grinned at her.

"I'll show you what kind of mage I am exactly."

From the palm of his hands two small floating orbs appeared. They glowed
ever so slightly as they made their way around Doryu. The orbs held in
place after a while of floating around, one on each side of him.

"Now the real fight begins princess."

