
Doryu would no longer hold back. It was time to finish this before the
fight dragged on longer. He had seen enough of her strength to determine
that she was not up to his point. This would solidify a sense of
confidence over the Draconian Empire, that the apprentice of the great
and powerful Hero of Tyr was nothing compared to one of their own.

He lifted his hands ones more in a fighting stance and rapidily made his
move against Himari. Doryu ran at quick speed towards her as the two
floating orbs followed close next to him.

Himari was in a panic as she saw the young boy run up to her once again.

His fighting style had not changed from what she could see but she would
have to pay close attention to what those things were.

She made her way back into the air pointing the staff at him once more.

"Fire Strike"

The barrage of fireballs appeared once again and launched themselves at
him.

Doryu smirked and spoke as he continued to run forward.

"Fire Strike"

One of the orbs immediately glowed and floated in front of him as a
multitude of fireballs appeared around it. Within a blink of an eye the
fireballs launched themselves towards Himari as well colliding with her
own causing an explosion in the middle of the air.

Luckily for Doryu he was on the ground so the impact did very little to
him.However Himari was in the air and the turbulence from the explosion
caused her to be thrown back in the sky as she struggled to remain in
balance.

"What was that?" she frantically asked finally gaining composure.

Doryu smirked as the smoke cleared up almost instantly.

In the middle of the air was one of the orbs rotating at fast speeds as
a wave of air surrounded it.

Himari was completely confused as to what those orbs did but she kept
her guard up for anything that was to follow.

Doryu lifted his arm and with a confidence tone said.

"Wind Strike"

Himari lost focus for a second as she looked at Doryu before she noticed
the attack was not coming from him but from the orb that was floating
just a few yards away from her.

Her reaction was too late as a gush of wind blades hit her causing her
to yell in pain.

"What's happening?!" she yelled out in a panic as she struggled to dodge
the barrage of attacks.

Doryu simply smirked and continued his own attack.

Himari had seen enough and raised her weapon yelling out.

"Lightning Strike!"

A multitude of flashing bolts clashed and easily broke past the wind
blades making their way towards the orb.

"Got you!" Himari said her entire being now focused on destroying the orb.

Doryu on the other hand was extremely calm.

"Gravity"

Himari felt herself being weighed down as she looked up and saw the
second orb floating on top of her. Once more her reaction was too slow
as she was forcefully pushed down onto the ground with a loud crash. She
layed on the ground feeling her body growing numb. This feeling was
somewhat familiar, like her fight against the Ghoul.

She sat up dazed and almost out of it but still willing to continue
fighting.

"Th-those orbs..."

From the side lines Kami was less that pleased with the situation. This
was not going to be the one-sided fight he wanted to see and it was
definitely not going to be an even one. He saw how Doryu's attacked
worked and only wished Himari would do so soon so she could start coming
up with a way to counter.

"I suppose you know, sadly your apprentice seems at a loss. Those orbs
are his weapon such as yours uses a staff. They are aligned with his
mana, allowing him to freely move them around as he pleases in a
battlefield. This also allows him to cast skills through means that
other mages can't. Doryu can cast a skill and have his orbs unleash the
attack for him from wherever they are. This leaves his opponents with a
very hard predicament. Do I focus on destroying the orbs and leave
myself open from two other potential attacks, or do I attack the caster
and hope that I can hit him before he hits back."

Kami closed his eyes and began thinking. If there was anything he could
do right now that would give her the edge. He knew there was a way but
would it really be worth just to have her win a fight. Giving her more
stats would be an easy thing.

Drairgun's attention switched to Kami as he spoke once more.

"It seems you are still not getting the message. You are probably
thinking of how to you will give your apprentice more stats to gain the
advantage. This in truth is the easiest way to defeat an enemy who is
weaker than you are. The predicament is how do you defeat an opponent of
equal strength, or even slightly stronger nature than your own. In
truth, Doryu has similar stats to those of young Himari. Unlike your
apprentice though he is prepared."

Himari was furious as she stood up once more and raised her staff.

"I'm not going to lose! Witch Doll!"

A glyph appeared once more on the ground as a small face appeared from
within the it. It made its way out and stood tall for a second before it
began stumbling.

"Looks like your summoning is not looking too good. You really want to
push it this far to beat me princess?" Doryu mocked once more as the two
orbs floated back down towards him

"Fire Strike!"

The fireballs appeared once more behind her before firing off in Doryu's
direction.

The Witch Doll in a struggle lifted its staff ever so slowly as a branch
of bolts appeared from the tip its weapon.

"Lighting Strike and Fire Strike, you're trying to cause an explosion to
do more damage,not bad, but too easy."

Doryu lifted his hand once more as one of the orbs moved in front of him
once more.

"Magic Rod"

The orb began glowing as a deep blue aura surrounded it.

In an instant before the two attacks could even connect, they were
redirected from Doryu onto the orb.

The orb took the hit from the two attacks and was thrown back as it
rolled across the ground lifeless for a few.

Himari once more was confused but all she could tell was that this was
her chance,with one orb out of the way she could finally get an attack in.

The Witch Doll reading her thoughts began running towards Doryu fully
prepared to blow itself up.

Doryu remained calmed as the other ob floated in front of him once again
a few feet infront.

"Magic Absorption Field"

Just as the Witch Doll ran past the orb and began blowing up it
disappeared and, in its place, remained a few glowing lights that made
its way towards the orb and fully vanished once making contact.

"Just give it up, not only are my skills superior to yours but I'm more
fully prepared for this fight than you are."

Himari fell to the ground and closed her eyes. There was nothing more
she could do at this point. Casting anymore skills would just be
repetition of what was happening.

Drairgun grabbed onto Kami's shoulder and with his deep voice said.

"Doryu and I had information about you two before making our way here.
We are well aware of your fighting style and most of your skills a this
point. The clothing Doryu is wearing is especially resistant to magic
skills apart from the nature of being a Dragonkin. This is what it means
to be prepared. You walk around giving too much information about
yourself,even now seeing your stats. Having such strength must want to
make you wave it around, however that information could prove to be your
undoing. My people fear your strength as they believe it to be superior
to mine, however I will show them that my experience in combat far
surpasses some human Hero who flaunts around."

/Was that your game Hero of the Draconian Empire? Show me this and think
it would somewhat shake me up? I'm not Himari, I could break you in a
second if I really wanted to but that's not enough now is it. No, I have
to show you that even your apprentice, with all his experience and
counter measures is nothing compared to my raw power. Very well if this
was your plan, I'm going to show you how insignificant this all was. /

Kami opened his Menu as he felt Drairgun's grip tighten on his shoulder.
In a second this grip would be the only thing stopping him from being
blown back.

[Class]

God

Would you like to accept this as your first class? [Y/N]

