
"Do you think perhaps you could take this a bit more seriously child?" a
rugged voice spoke from what looked like a throne.

"You're too tense old man! Everything is under control anyway, Yotsune's
small grasp on Tyr is insignificant compared to Iatra."replied Asobi as
he sat on a throne similar to the other.

A group of powerful looking beings sat around in a circle facing each
other. These were some of the Gods of Celestia, who had gathered for a
meeting as to the current situation arising from Tyr.

For some time now, they had begun noticing the minions of the God of
Calamity, Yotsune, had become increasingly active. This was generally
not a cause for alarm since they had Heroes across all of Tyr keeping
them at bay. However, this did not mean they could solve all the
problems. They had to stay alert since at any point he could decide to
have an all-out strike completely taking over Tyr in a matter of
minutes. The Gods of Celestia had to keep an eye out on the land of
mortals all the time to retaliate immediately.

"Who are you calling old man?! I'm younger than you!" replied the first
man to have spoken.

"Then you should know not to speak to your elders like that. Come on!
Was this meeting needed? I just want to go play some more!"

He looked around the circle of other Gods who seemed to be having some
fun at the exchange.

He mumbled a few words under his breath and slummed back on his chair.

It would be more than easy to mobilize the forces under Goddess Iatra's
rule and strike down the opposition, but Iatra was opposed to going
about such a "atrocious path" she called it. Killing an enemy before he
strikes seemed to him like the only option but she was the ruler, so he
would obey her commands.

He was known as the God of Ordinance or for a more personal name, Eores.
He was a tall 8-foot-tall being with a large greyed out beard and battle
scars across his face. His dark lust less eyes had grown so after eras
of struggle and conflict. At once in earlier days he led the large
army's of Celestia against those of the Abyss, but those days were past
him as he know was more of retired commander than a warrior.

Even so he wore the outfit of one as his large beaten armor that he had
refused to change since old times showed signs of age and use. His
weapons, his two battle axes, were safely strapped across his sides.

He once more mumbled a bit as the voice of another God got drowned in
his thoughts.

He longed ached to once more be in the battlefield of war against the
Abyss, it was truly his place in this world. In actuality, Goddess Iatra
might have a fair point in not engaging on the God of Calamity. As soon
as there was a direct fight between the opposing forces the thrones
would be up for grabs, gravely weakening Iatra in comparison to Yotsune.
This was an advantageous fight for the enemy team as their forces would
not lose as much power from having the thrones stripped.

Still he believed they would be able to beat them easily with hardly a
struggled, or so, he hoped.

"W-what was the news on the 'Hero' Kami?" a nervous voice spoke

He was brought back by that question as he looked towards the voice that
had asked the question.

It was the Edona, Goddess of Regulation. She was essentially a high-end
secretary for Celestia. Her glasses slipped through the bridge of her
nose and almost fell before she quickly caught them with a small squeal.

Eores let out a small scuff as he continued to stare at the small
fragile looking girl. She had long brown hair and slightly hinted pink
pupils with a light blue in the center. Although she is actually more of
an average height, she tended to hunch over giving her a smaller
appearance. She wore a jacket that was too large for her. The ends of
the jacket went close to her knees and her hands were covered by them.
Eores had heard that this girl had received this jacket from some mortal
who came from another Universe but he never asked her or tried to find
out. Strangely enough despite her appearance and demeanor she was
excellent when it came to doing all the paperwork and moving Celestia
behind the scenes. However, when she stood in front of everyone, she
seems to lose any form of confidence and turned into a fragile little girl.

"Well he's not a Hero class if that's what you're asking! He's
definitely has the strength to be one! Actually, he has the potential to
be more in all honesty! Those stats, without having a God's blessing
behind them! This could be the first time a mortal can ascend to
Godhood." replied Asobi as he twirled with his fingers.

Everyone remained silent for a bit before the Goddess of Regulation
spoke up once more.

"T-that's not entirely possible, the furthest a mortal can achieve is
Ascended, becoming one like us but, not ever, us. G-gods are born not
made." replied the girl as she looked around in a panic.

Asobi nodded his head in agreement.

"Right, right! Cause just a few thousand years ago we thought this was
the only Universe, right? This is a mortal from a different Universe
we're not sure how far they can go in our own world. I had him carry
around a small stone that will absorb and analyze some of his strength
along the way. Either way, I'm sure he's hiding something. He was too
casual about just meeting me, a God, look at me, I'm adorable!"

The Goddess of Regulation let out a small cough and, in a panic, dropped
her glasses on the ground. She quickly made small apologetic noises and
grabbed them from the floor only to sit back down instantly and bury
herself in her chair.

"Was he not going around claiming to be the Hero of Tyr? We know for a
fact that it's not him, we've kept a close eye on the Hero of Tyr. He
should be arriving at the City of Alzel shortly." spoke a soothing voice.

This man was known as the God of Adoration, Alistair.

He was a handsome young man with blonde hair. His hair gave a shine as
though he had emptied a bottle of jell onto it. His face was sparkly
white and his deep violet eyes stared across the room as if penetrating
anything in sight. His demeanor was that of a high-class gentleman as he
crossed his legs and balanced his chin on his arm. He wore a fine
nobleman jerkin along with a fine material trousers. He hardly gave a
vibe of being a God, similar to the Goddess of Regulation, however,
unlike her many could confuse him for some nobleman from a faraway land
or royalty.

"Yup! To be fair to him though! Many called him that, he just went along
with it! It's not very important! As long as he's fighting off Yotsune's
minions its all the same to us!" replied Asobi.

"What off Goddess Iatra, what does she think of him?" asked Alistair in
a casual tone.

Asobi shrugs as he raised his head up to the skies.

"I think she's fine with him. She's more than happy to have more help
and I had to let her know he wished to meet her next time. Iatra seemed
to think that was funny and was more than willing to do so."

"A mortal with demands? Iatra truly is more patient that I could
imagine!" roared yet another voice.

It was the God of Luck. He was simply referred to as Lucky as he
apparently never had a name since birth. Unlike the others he had a
different appearance. He was just a black blob with large glowing yellow
eyes. His origin was from a different part of the universe therefore not
giving him the appearance of one of the mortals in the land of Tyr.
Although he appeared awfully weak and somewhat fun to play with. He was
actually a very powerful God in Celestia that few other Gods dared to
mess around with. Asobi,ofcourse being one of them.

"Whoa! Who brought you in here? Seriously, how do you move around like
that it's always amazing watching you move around!"

"D-d-d-d-d-don't mess with me Asobi I will curse you with bad luck!"

"Nooooo, please!" Asobi replied in a dramatic fashion as though he was
fainting.

"Blergh, curse upon you little one, curse now!" exclaimed Lucky as his
entire body jiggled and two small stubby arms pointed at him.

"Aaaaahhhh no more please!"

A dreary aura surrounded Asobi but almost immediately disappeared as
Asobi bursted out laughing.

"Knock it off you two, just because Goddess Iatra is not here today does
not give you the right to act in such childish manner!" growled Eores.

It was almost instantaneous but there was a sudden release of energy
that left them all quiet for a second. They could still feel it and it
was something familiar but not the same at the same time.

Asobi for the first time had a serious expression on his face as the
energy that he sensed increased for a significant amount before
dissapearing.

He couldn't exactly tell what it was. It was divine energy for sure but
just the feel to it was somehow different. It was pure and powerful,
afraid to say that in quality, even more so than Iatras.

"What...was that?" spoke Alistair still maintaining his composure but
could still sense the seriousness of the question in his voice.

"I-I've-never- it wasn't much but, d-did you feel it?" Edona spoke up
from her chair.

Eores on the other hand remain silent as his hands grasped for his
weapons. He knew there was no immediate danger but he felt one could
never be prepared enough.

Asobi on the other hand recovered his childish nature as he laughed a
bit and said.

"Looks like we have a new God in the land of Tyr guys!"


          Intermission 4

Master of Ceremonies: Thank you all for attending with us. We have a
special guest today with us. He's a small-time writer in a website by
the name of Wattpad. His most popular book, /God's an Adventurer/, has
received over one hundred thousand reads and has achieved a small
following of people. Please give it up for PrinnyHDood!

(crowd claps)

Prinny:*waves flipper*Thank you all for having me dood!

Master of Ceremonies: The pleasure is all ours, today we'll be
discussing your success in the writing industry, tell me, *do you find
the fact that you are writing this as though you are relevant in anyway
a bit pretentious? *

Prinny: Umm that's a bit harsh I mean...maybe, dood?

Master of Ceremonies: Yes, well I'm sure many out there reading this
will think you're being a bit stuck up. Any who, on to our next
question, *how does it feel having such a following of people who read
your book? *

Prinny: It's great! I've never really thought my book would get this far
honestly. I thought the concept was good but I never imagine I was the
writer for it. In honesty I still think the book could be written a lot
better by someone not limited to a high school vocabulary.

Master of Ceremonies: Indeed, it can. *Now a lot of fans might be
disappointed to learn that this is just another screwing around chapter,
if you can call it that. What do you have to say to those people? *

Prinny: Well I'm sorry to upset those who were expecting the next
chapter of my book. However this felt more like what I wanted to do at
this time so, at the end of the day; I appreciate and love the people
who support me and will even take suggestions if I feel like they don't
mess with the world I've built, but this is my book so I write what I
want dood!

Master of Ceremonies: I'm sure you've angered a few people with that
comment there Prinny, your funeral. *Talking about the next chapter, any
chance we can get a sneak peek at what's going to happen? *

Prinny: Well, Kami obviously has chosen his Class which we all know is a
God. I was hoping to save this moment for a much more important event
later on but this will have to do for now. Back on subject, this doesn't
mean it comes out that he's THE God and it certainly doesn't mean his
stats will go beyond anyone's just because he chose the class, however
from the perspective of others he will still just be a God from this
world, so it will be fun to play around with that in mind.

Master of Ceremonies: *When you say a much more important event, does
this mean you have other plans with the story? *

Prinny: Well that was the case. I honestly have a very large lay out for
where I want this story to go. I even have the ending in mind and such,
although I'm working out a few possibilities. I do have some sad news
though. Due to my schedule I will be closing /God's an Adventurer/ for a
few months. I'm sorry to leave things as they are but-

(Crowd boos)

Master of Ceremonies: *Simply atrocious... is it the games Prinny? Is
your addiction to them that much that you are going to hang the towel? *

Prinny:*coughs* I-I mean... it's not... not the games...

(Crowd boos louder)

Master of Ceremonies: Disgusting...what a disappointing day.

Prinny:*nods head nervously* Y-yeah?

Master of Ceremonies: Well I could not expect more from a filthy, good
for nothing, uncaring, irresponsible, simply disgusting, putrid, sad
excuse for a human. Your mother should have aborted you.

Prinny: M-my mom's dead dood...

Master of Ceremonies: Good, she doesn't have to see the failure you grew
up to be. Am I right people?

(crowd cheers)

Prinny: I... I was just trying to pull a fast one...I'm still going to
be writing dood../.God's an Adventurer/ will not be placed on hold...

(awkward silence)

Prinny:*clears throat* Anyway I want to take this silence to thank all
my readers, it's truly been wonderful being able to write this story for
you all and I hope I continue to have your support. I might have lost my
consistency but I'm hoping to get that back on track ones I get my
gaming under control.

Master of Ceremonies: *As a wise, and intellectual being, have you ever
thought about expanding into other series? *

Prinny: J-just going to play off the insults dood? Ok, well, the other
book I've written /Magus Saga/ is probably a bit darker in nature for
what I still have planned for it. I do want to make it clear now as a
little Easter egg that the universes I write are essentially within the
same World of Novel, as I so proudly call it *pouts*.

Master of Ceremonies: *What does that mean? *

Prinny: It means that the characters from the books I've written or have
yet to write could potentially interact. It's nothing to solid yet, my
true focus as of now has been /God's an Adventurer/. I'm hoping to
resume my less popular book, /Magus Saga/, as soon as possible, and a
third one I've had in mind for a long time now.

Master of Ceremonies: Amazing. *How will this affect /God's an
Adventurer/ as you move on with the story? *

Prinny: Well not much as of now actually. Again, this is not really a
visible thing right now since /God's an Adventurer/ is the only one I've
actually gone off on but I hope in the future any reader of my books
will be able to see the interactions between some characters and
understand the premise.

Master of Ceremonies:*So, we could be seeing more of Kami and the group
even past his own story? *

Prinny: Perhaps. You never know what idea gets into my head dood.

Master of Ceremonies: How compelling! Well thank you for coming Prinny.
It was exciting getting a look into the brilliant and fascinating mind
behind the story, /God's an Adventurer/. This is all the time we have
for now so thank you out there for tuning in!

Prinny: I wasn't finished though dood...

(crowd claps)

*fades to black*

FIN

