
/Hmmm, so this is the power of a God? It's a bit underwhelming. /

A violent gust of wind blew around Kami as he felt Drairgun's grip
tighten. This wasn't due to some intimidating tactic though. He was
actually hanging onto Kami, hoping not to be blown back. He covered his
face by the force of energy that was surging around Kami and stared at
the glow.

"What is the meaning of this?!" he yelled out, his voice drowning in the
spectacle around him.

The divine-like energy continued to erupt for just a few more, showering
those around the city with a spectacle of light before dying out.

It was almost instantaneous that the Draconian Hero actually had thought
it had been a form of illusion. However, as he looked around where they
stood there was a large crater of destruction around them.

Himari and Doryu who had noticed the commotion as well had completely
forgotten about their fight as they stared in awe. It wasn't long though
before Himari was snapped out of her trance and a faint and familiar
glow covered her once more.

She looked aimlessly in front of her for a few seconds before letting
out a small gasp of disbelief.



*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Himari Chiba *

LVL:12

EXP: 156/6000

Title: /Loli In-Training /

Class: Companion/ Mage

HP: 2475/2475

Stamina: 2435/2435

Mana: 2530/2530

Strength: 2432

Endurance: 2474

Intelligence: 2519

Dexterity: 2437

Charisma: 2450

Wisdom: 2486



Her power had once again increase but this time more significantly than
it had before. Himari's stats had doubled and then some. Even more so,
all her resources had refreshed putting her back up to full power,
however strong that meant at this point.

Drairgun finally removed his hand from Kami's shoulder as he stumbled
back a bit before regaining his composure.

"You,your status has complete changed and hers..."

He looked back at forth between Himari and Kami before clenching his fists.

"What is a God..."

He grew silent once more and lowered his head in what Kami could only
imagine meant defeat.

/Right they can see me status as long as I don't try hiding it with a
skill or something. I forgot all about doing this at some point while I
was locked up with Hiromichi. Should probably try hiding my Class.
Although...is it that bad that people know I'm a God? I'm practically
going around doing as I please it won't take long before people realize
I'm not an average Hero or even one that excels beyond the normal. They
probably don't think so anyway at this point. /

This was a bit difficult for him considering he had wanted to play the
role of the Hero. He thought about it for a bit but finally made his
decision. Him being a God did not mean it should impact what he has been
doing so far. In fact, he was pretty sure people would more likely
appreciate and see him even more in a Hero's light now that they knew he
was a God. They seemed a lot more opened to the idea of Sayu being a God
than he had imagine. He thought they would start bowing, praising her
and building shrines in her name. Most of them were just awe struck and
very few of them actually started doing what he had just mentioned.

/This universe must treat Gods in a different manner. They are probably
the most powerful beings in the Universe but considering they know of
their existence and not to mention the one God they hold in regard above
all is probably not the one showing herself in front of them, a God
Class being is probably seen more as a rare and powerful sight than
anything else. Aaah, that's actually kind of nice, don't have to deal
with too many people throwing themselves at my feet. /

Before he knew it Drairgun got down in one knee and placed one of his
hands onto his chest before speaking in a most humble and modest voice
he had heard him use so far.

"My apologies, my ignorance of your true nature has led me to speak and
say some rude thing against you. As a servant of the Gods, and one who
was blessed by such a being, I am ashamed of my behavior beforehand."

Kami opened his mouth in a happy smile and closed his eyes.

/Or maybe everything I said before is untrue. They do worship God's here
after all. I'm jumping to conclusions maybe. This is more of a royal
treatment than anything else./

Himari and Doryu were unaware of what was happening, but Doryu managed
to see Drairgun posture himself in front of Kami.

This did not sit well with him as his anger boiled. He had felt the
power that this Hero Kami had unleashed right now but even so, seeing
the Hero of the Draconian people, his master, his idle, put himself in
such a manner in front of someone else was more than he wanted to ever see.

With very little control of his actions he felt his body move towards
Kami. He would strike him down and show Drairgun that there was no need
to put himself in such a position.

His movements now sharper than ever with the intent to not just do harm
but kill, became swifter than they had been when he had been fighting
Himari.

"You are unworthy!" he yelled out as he ran past Himari.

This would have been more than Himari would have been able to handle but
now since she got her new found strength she easily looked over at
Doryu. His movements despite having been something she had found to be a
lot harder to keep up with were actually quite slow to her now. She
could tell he was moving fast, for what he was but in her eyes it was
like watching someone casually walking past her.

Himari lifted her staff at just the right time in front of Doryu as his
face smacked against it.

"Agh!" he exclaimed as he fell back and rolled on the ground in pain.

Himari blinked surprised at her own reaction time, looking down at Doryu
cursing out the pain she had inflicted. She had expected to simply slow
him down but once he had smacked his face against the staff she realized
compared to her own strength now, his barely managed to even shake her
hand. It was essentially him against an unmovable rock at this point.

Doryu looked up at Himari once he was done,shocked at what had just
happened as he sat up.

"Don't tell me-"

Himari didn't allow any reaction time as she lifter her finger at him
and smiled.

"If you try to hurt him, I won't hesitate to kill you."

As she said this a small flame appeared on her fingertip before shooting
forwards towards him.

The effect was sudden as a large explosion of fire hit Doryu sending him
flying back. However, unlike last time where he was easily able to
withstand her every basic skill, this time he felt every burn across his
body.

He crashed into a wall at the other end of the Colosseum only to fall
face flat against the ground.

"T-that's...too powerful...for a..." Doryu mumbled before finally
falling unconscious.

Kami who had payed attention to the small fight frowned before smiling
once more.

/I didn't think Himari had it in her to make such a threat. She seemed
so lovable and innocent. I wonder if I'm affecting her negatively. Would
old man Itsu be okay with this? /

Himari on the other hand smiled and skipped towards Kami in a joyful
nature.

"I did it Mister Kami, thanks to your level up, I beat him!"

She latched onto Kami as she rubbed her face against him.

/She thinks I leveled up? How would I even go about doing that while I'm
just standing her NOT gaining Experience. Ahh guess I should also let
her know. Cats out of the bag anyway, not like I did a very good job
hiding it anyway. /

Drairgun who had also been witness to the commotion remained in his same
state before speaking.

"Forgive my apprentice for such a display. His intent is misplaced as
mines was and I shall let him know of the situation as soon as he is in
condition to do so."

/Himari just threw him across the arena with a single spell and instead
of being angry he is apologizing some more? Damn this is like every
universe with Gods. Everyone bows to them no matter what they or the
beings associated with them do. Guess that's more of the nature of the
weaker submitting to the strong. /

Kami shook his head and sighed.

/Should have saved before so I could restart before I picked my Class. I
could always...go back./

"If I may ask, what is one like yourself doing in the land of Tyr."

Drairgun's question snapped Kami back into reality as he looked down at
him.

Should he answer honestly and say he was just a God who had come from a
different Universe or should he still play along and see where this gets
him?

He let out heavy sigh before smiling.

"I'm hungry, let's eat."

