
The room was silent as everyone stared at Kami's table. They all were in
awe at the being in front of them and at the same time, confused. In one
hand, he had an aura of light around him that showed that he was a
divine being, so he had become even more distinguishable among the
normal people. On the other one, he was chugging down drinks and eating
food as if he was a normal every day person which somehow made his
whole, God-like appearance, falter a bit.

Kami deciding to pay little to no attention to the rest of the room and
continued on eating his meal. It had been just a few minutes after they
had left the Colosseum along with the Draconian Hero before a cloak of
light had decided to surround him. According to Drairgun, this was a
cloak of energy that was especially prevalent among divine beings. If he
had any intentions left of hiding who he was, they were gone now since
anyone who glanced at him would know what he was immediately.

He had asked if there was a way to turn it off but of course Drairgun
had no idea himself considering he was no God.

It didn't end there. Himari who was of course receiving his strength as
her own had also acquired a weaker dim version of this. She too had a
small distinct glow around her that made her noticeable. She sat next to
Kami, happily observing him eat as she took a small sip of her own drink.

Even more so, the large Draconian Hero sat across them in the same table
as he stared in silence at Kami eating his food along with a still
unconscious Doryu that sat on a chair next to him.

A Hero, a God, and two apprentices sat on a table at a bar, almost like
the beginning of a bad joke. I thought eating food and drinking would
give me some time to think about my next move and help things out a bit
but everyone's just looking.

A waitress almost too scared to move walked up to them and bowed so far,
she almost hit her head against the edge of the table.

She raised her head almost just as quickly as she nervously avoided
their stares.

"I-is there a-anything else I c-can help you w-with?"

Kami who placed down a piece of half eaten bread looked up at her.

"Just few more drinks please."

His response made her jump and she took of instantly.

"I don't believe she expected a God would personally respond. She seems
to expect me to be the one to answer that."

Kami glanced over at Drairgun and shrugged.

"Are you sure this is to your liking? The feast at the palace is perhaps
more suitable to your tastes. We could never hope to measure up to the
pallet of-"

Ah here comes the shoe licking. Can't a God just be treated normally for
once.

To be fair this was still far better than he had hoped. Despite the
response of the people around him and Drairgun's treatment, it was
nothing compared to what others had done. In many Universes people had
died in his name and others sacrificed the lives of others and their own
to it. Many would do feats they would consider impossible just to gain
his favor or attention. Countless prayers had been his way and to be
frank, people simply treating him like royalty and staring was
definitely a step-up from all that unwanted attention.

Himari had learned of Kami's true nature but instead of being shocked or
surprised she had reacted with excitement. Somehow this brought him up
in a new light in front of her. He thought she would feel lied to or
maybe even too scared but instead it had made her more attached and
happier.

Kami shrugged as he lifted his bread once more and took a bite.

/As long as my companions are okay with it, I suppose I can still run
this. Besides, I can't say I have not personally grown attached to some
of these people. Leaving them now...well let's just get to that point
later rather than sooner. /

The waitress came out in a hurry with trembling hands that made some of
the beverage spilled as she walked and placed them with a heavy thud on
the table.

"Y-your drinks!"

She bowed once more but this time stared at Kami as if looking for
confirmation that there was anything else he would need her to do.

Kami coughed as he smiled at her and nodded his head.

This seemed to calm her a bit as she let out a heavy breath and walked
away.

"Is it really that uncommon for a God to walk around like this?
Considering almost everything here is about God's in one way or another
I would think there would be a few who are like me."

Drairgun sat in silence for a long while before speaking up.

"There are a few other God's like yourself who walk among us mortals in
the land of Tyr. The reason why it's so rare in these times is due to
the conflict of the God's that is currently on going. In past times the
God's used to live here, among us mortals in the land of Tyr. Of course,
they were treated as is their nature, divine beings who far surpass our
own. However, once Otherworld's control was split by the previous God
who held the throne of Celestia and that of the Abyss, the God's mostly
disappeared from this land and took their war elsewhere. Now a days,
although the God's continue to bless us and the war of these Gods have
begun plaguing our land, we still don't have many of your kind here.
They are mostly recruited by one side or the other, considering how rare
the appearance of a God is, any side would benefit from having one."

"Hmmm, but basically, you don't intend to worship me, right?"

Drairgun seemed taken a back before he answered.

"If that is your intention, we could most certa-"

"Nonono, forget I even mentioned it."

"We don't worship all the God's, we primarily treat them with respect
and look up to them as a source of strength. Some, like priests, and
priestess, can dedicated themselves to a certain God to a level of
worshipping them. We also don't expect them to go around saving us
considering they have people like us, Heroes, to do the job."

/I see, so I suppose they still do think of Gods as all powerful beings
but at the same time don't get too obsessed with them. It's seems like
Gods are more of a race like a Dragon, Human, Elf, etc. rather than this
holier-than-thou being. /

"If I may ask now, you seem to know very little of our world. Would it
be safe to believe you are a new born God?"

Kami tilted his head before nodding his head.

Drairgun placed his hands on the table as an aura of dread surrounded him.

Kami continued to eat unimpressed by the sudden change in atmosphere but
everyone around them tensed at the sight of this.

"What are your intentions now then? Will you be joining the God of
Calamity in claiming the throne of Celestia, or Goddess Iatra's side in
protecting and defending mortality?"

/Ah so he's trying to see if I'm a potential enemy or ally. That's what
this whole show is about. /

Kami finished his bread before once more taking a chug of his drink and
letting out a very pleased sigh.

"Neither honestly. I could care less about this war between the Gods.
Although if I had to pick a side it would be Iatra's. Mostly because I
intend to travel this land and if there's anything, I can do to help
others, I will do it."

Drairgun seemed to relax as the aura dissipated. His shoulders dropped a
bit but his staggering demeanor remained the same.

/Well as long as I'm playing a God in this world, I might enjoy the
benefits of playing around as one. /

As he said this he placed his hand on the table and stood up feeling
content.

"I suppose we should leave now; your king probably has heard by now of
these events."

Himari and Drairgun stood up from their seats almost immediately as he
did. Drairgun lifted Doryu onto his shoulder and waited for Kami to make
the next move.

Kami removed his hand from the table revealing a somewhat large stash of
gold coins he had created appear on it. As he had said, if he was going
to play a God in this world, he might as well do as he pleases.

All eyes immediately rested upon the gold as there was a large awe that
filled the room.

"D-did he just make gold out of thin air."

"This must be a God of Riches, o-or can all Gods create money like that?"

"What is he going to do with all that gold?"

Kami looked over at the waitress that had been observing them from a far
and smiled at her.

She stood there now more shocked at the sudden appearance of the gold
than the God that stood in front of her.

"A generous tip for you. Thanks for the service!"

