
*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Kami *

Lvl:25

EXP:18803/24000

Title: /God of All/Runaway God /

Class: God

HP: 45000/45000

Stamina: 45000/45000

Mana: 45000/45000

Strength: 45000

Endurance: 45000

Intelligence: 45000

Dexterity: 45000

*Charisma: 25 *

Wisdom: 45000

/That is definitely an impressive stat boost compared to what I had.
What's with my Charisma stat now though it's all glowing and different
than before like Thief's Luck Stat. I also have new passives according
to the Notifications, I'll read up on them a bit later, should try to
pay attention. /

Kami closed his Status Bar just to find himself in front of the King and
a multitude of others who were staring at him.

They had been frozen in surprise for some time now and Kami had grown a
bit bored so had decided to check his stats. All the eyes in the castle
were currently on him.

Among the Kings men though who stood next to him on his seat, the
familiar Draconian male with glasses stood furiously writing down on his
notes.

Kami could only imagine what it was he needed to write down at a time
like this but he quickly looked back at the King who had cleared his
throat and seemed hesitant to say something.

"H-hero Kami..I mean...God Kami...I-"

"Kami is fine, if you must Hero Kami is good too. The whole God thing is
redundant considering my name."

A few of them stared at each other in confusion at his comment but
swiftly looked back at him.

Of course, they didn't know the definition of Kami for some reason. In
truth, it was like Thief had said, just an alias. It was a self-given
name he had chosen for himself long ago. In truth, he had no name to be
properly called by, but at this point, he had been referring himself as
Kami for so long it might as well be his real name.

"I have to say this is a confusing moment for me as King."

As King, he realized what had transpired now that he saw Kami in his
true nature. Not only had he just challenged a God to do battle with one
of his Heroes, but he had allowed his guards to imprison him and had
left him there overnight. This would have to be perhaps the poorest way
a mortal has ever treated a God in all of history.

He gulped as he felt his throat fall in a knot.

/"What is he going to do now? Will he punish this nation for what we've
done? Was this all a test somehow or was it a setup? Either way I have
to apologize and hope he doesn't bring his wrath to us.N-no it's too
late... if anything we've already treated him in such a way...even for a
Hero it's disrespectful." /

Although Kami looked relaxed and as though everything was fine but the
King couldn't help but feel that any second now, he would strike them
down or curse them all as punishment.

"We're still doing this match thing right?"

Everyone let out a small gasp as if surprised he still wanted to go
through with everything. Even more so the King stared at Kami once more
in disbelief.

"A-are you not going to..."

He closed his mouth before he could finish his sentence. Perhaps this
was for the best.

Kami tilted his head in a confused fashion before looking around at
everyone.

As his eyes passed over each person they shrunk down. They were all
equally fearful that Kami was angry somehow because he had been
challenged or sent to jail.

"We will happily continue to the match if you so wish. Shall we resume
the feast then"

The draconian man in glasses finally answered which brought everyone's
attention to him. They felt their hearts drop at hearing this as though
he had answered a question wrong and now their lives were in the line.

However contrary to everyone else's expectation Kami simply smiled and
answered.

"Perfect! I'm dying to try out some real combat since I got here. I'm
sure good ol' Drairgun here will provide a worthy fight!"

Kami patted Drairgun's back in a joyful manner.

Drairgun seemed almost stoic in appearance as he nodded his head and
replied in a most indifferent voice.

"I shall do so in the name of the Draconian Empire."

"Well now that the guests of honor have arrived let us resume. Please,
music, Hero Kami if you would please."

The draconian pointed at a seat near the King.

Kami happily made his way to his seating arrangement along with Himari
and Drairgun.

Everyone seemed to grow a bit tense as the music started playing once
more. They resumed their chatter and continued to eat their food but
there was a lingering sensation of nervousness surrounding them.

Kami happily sat and looked around the heavy banquet of food displayed
before him. He simply grabbed the plate in front of him and began
grabbing from all sorts of plates.

"H-hero Kami there is no need for such a thing. One of our people will
serve you from anything you wish."

Kami shook his head as he continued to grab the food without any signs
of stopping.

"I'm more than capable of doing so myself. More interesting actually. I
don't actually know your names Glass-man and King? I feel like we didn't
properly introduce."

"Right...I am King Horas and this is my most trusted advisor Elleon."

Elleon nodded his head at Kami as he raised his notes and continued to
scribble down.

"Haha,can you believe that? Been here almost two whole days and had no
idea what they were called. Likely forgot that they even had names."
said Kami as he looked across the table where Prince Mesfrit sat.

Mesfrit was dumbfounded as he stared directly at Kami.

He had taken the rumors that Sayu was a Goddess very lightly and had
taken Kami's word as truth, that she was simply blessed by a God just
like he was. Little did he suspect though that Kami was actually a God
himself. Although now the more he thought about it, never had he seen a
Hero with such divine abilities that were shown when he struck down that
masked man. It was almost silly now looking back at it how easy it would
be to connect the dots.

"Y-yes indeed. This is a lot to take in if I may say so I, like King
Horas am a bit stunned at this and can't find the right words to
describe this moment."

Kami once more tilted his head as he looked up at the staggering shape
that sat directly across him.

"Drairgun seems to be taken this quite easily despite him bringing his
apprentice to fight my own. It looked like he was going to try and
murder me at some point actually."

The room fell silent once more as the fear rose.

King Horas glanced over at Drairgun and couldn't help but curse him out
in his mind.

/"Why couldn't you just wait to challenge him at the appropriate date!
T-this could end bad for us! What if he's just messing around until he
grows tired and decides to make an example of us." /King Horas thoughts
screamed inside his head but he remained stoic as he gave a forceful
smile and replied.

"Really, t-that's very unlike Drairgun. Where is Doryu then if I may ask?"

"He is resting. The last attack done by Hero Kami's apprentice was a lot
more intense that I had foreseen. It would seem Doryu will not be waking
up for a while."

Elleon coughed and mumbled a few words as the King gave a slight nervous
chuckle.

Prince Mesfrit on the other hand was trying to analyze the situation and
come to terms with this new information. What would Kami being a God
mean for their nation now. Was he perhaps a Human who had somehow found
a way to reach the level of a God, or simply one to begin with?

Himari on the other hand sat comfortably next to Kami as she picked up
some of the food and ate happily.

Elleon finally let out a small laugh as everyone couldn't help but
resist and follow in.

No one knew exactly why they were laughing or how to react at this
point. It was a very confusing moment for everyone since they had never
in their lives been so close to a God before.

Kami simply continued to eat and laughed along with them.

The crowd continuously growing more fearful had shivers send down their
spines when he laughed and they began laughing louder along with him.

It was an endless spiral as the laughter continued until Kami finally
grew quiet and turn his stare at the King. His voice deepened as his
eyes grew blank.

"Now...down to business wouldn't you say?"

The King shivered as he tried to push himself away from the now
threatening sounding God in front of him. The others tensed up as some
of the guards raised their weapons ever so lightly before realizing it
would be pointless and lowered them once more.

Kami raised his hand and produce a small box with what looked like a
present inside.

He was well aware of how the situation was going and he was actually
having a bit of fun messing with them. Kami was happily pulling along
the strings knowing that they thought he would snap at them any second now.

His expression changed once more to that of a simple compassionate
person as he placed the box on the table.

Y/ou know, maybe letting everyone know I was a God is not such a bad
idea. I'm finding this situation somewhat humorous. Ah, messing with
them is going to be its own fun./

