
"Why is he doing this to me."

Sayu took a large drink from her glass as her face hit the table in
which Hiromichi and Thief sat.

"Doesn't he need me anymore...am I not important to him...hic"

Her face was flushed red as she continued to mumble sadly on about Kami.

Hiromichi who had been making fun of her prior to this was now actually
beginning to feel sorry for her.

"S-shit man, I didn't think you would be so dam bummed out over him
leaving for a bit. Get your act together man."

"We've never been apart for so long, hic, he rather take a small mortal
child than me..." Sayu continued her mopping oblivious to Hiromichi's
words.

"Dam this woman, it's no fun hanging or messing with her if she was
going to be this way."

Hiromichi furiously took a drink from his own glass as Thief poked at
Sayu hoping to at least get an angry reaction.

"You two must go way back if you're getting this upset over being away
from him. C-could it be you two are lovers, ku ku!"

Sayu raised her head as she struggled to keep herself up and answered
half-heartedly.

"We do go way back! I was the one who was with him when he decided to
make Heaven. I was the one who was with him in the great Celestial War
to keep his stupid *hic* sister away from Creation. S-sure I was just in
the way b-but I was there, hic. Ask the other angels if they know
anything about that I promise you they won't! They're *hic* all
creations that were made after me! They have no idea what it's been like
serving him for millions of years without asking anything in return. I
love my job and it only makes me sad he doesn't love me in return..."

With that her face landed with a heavy thud once more on the table as
she moaned out loud.

Hiromichi and Thief stared at each other in confusion completely
oblivious about everything she had said but at the same time felt a
sense of pity for her.

"Think you've had one too many Sayu, this is hard for me to say as an
alcoholic but you should stop."

"I- I am an Archangel of the Lord! A few drinks m-mean nothing to me..."

Hiromichi couldn't help but let out a small laugh.

Thief glanced over at him and gave him a sharp stare as though upset
with him.

"W-what? It went from being funny, to being sad, back to funny. I don't
even understand half the crap she's spitting out anyway she must be too
drunk." replied Hiromichi feeling content.

Thief shook her head and patted Sayu's back gently.

"How about we go have a nice bath and rest up for the night. It's been
two days don't think he'll show up tonight."

"J-just let me enjoy the comfort of this cold table a bit longer..."
replied Sayu as her voice drifted.

Thief simply shrugged and let out a long sigh.

"You guys are a bummer when he's not around you know that. All you talk
about is Kami this, Kami that. If you're not going to sleep, we should
at least party!" exclaimed a now excited Thief.

Hiromichi on the other hand looked lost in thought as he took a drink
and answered.

"Did she mention a sister? You think she's hot like Sayu or a completely
dumbass like him?"

Thief gave Hiromichi a blank expression before picking up her own drink
and angrily mumbling.

"You guys suck, ku!"

The door to the bar swung open as a familiar face showed itself. It was
Sebastien who seemed to be in more casual attire than usual.

When he noticed Thief and Sayu he immediately grinned and walked towards
them.

"Madame Sayu, Madame Thief. What an unexpected surprise. On devrait
t'arrter pour excs de beaut sur la voie publique. Do you not
agree...what was your name again?" he asked Hiromichi barely setting his
glance away from the two girls in front of him.

"Tch, it's Hiromichi, the Wild Beast Tamer of the North don't you forget
that little man."

"Ohoho! I guarantee the ladies here that there is nothing little about
this man." he smirked as he continued to stare at Sayu and Thief.

Thief sighed as her face hit the table right next to Sayu's

"Ku...I'm surrounded by idiots..."

"I miss MY idiot *hic*" commented Sayu as her eyes closed and she fell
asleep.

"What the hell are you doing here anyway? Shouldn't you be protecting
the castle or something?" Hiromichi barked at Sebastien.

"Not at all! With the Prince gone to the Draconian Empire and ze King
recovering this left muah with an open schedule! I wished to find these
lovely ladies and have a drink with them. I see you are ahead of the
curve here monsieur."

Without asking, Sebastien took a seat next to Hiromichi and lifted his
hand towards one of the waiters signaling for a drink. He returned his
attention at the now depressed group and gently smiled.

"Emotional distress, my specialty when dealing with fine women. What
bothers everyone tonight?"

"I'm doing just great. It's Sayu here who's bringing the mood down. Look
even Thief is starting to get all depressed! Dam it, bothers me that
Kami up and left these two here, should have taken them with him,
bumming me out."

"Ah, so they are upset over him leaving. Ve should drink the night then
and forget our troubles. Who knows where ze night might lead!" he said
as he let out a howling laugh.

Hiromichi looked at Sebastien with a disgust look.

/"This guy only thinks with one head and it's not the one with brains in
it!" /

However, Hiromichi thought he was right about at least one thing,
drinking should help them forget their troubles.

It had been two days now since Kami had left and the group had been
staying on standby waiting for him to return. Apparently somewhere down
the road, he had turned into someone who just idly waits for Kami to
tell them what to do. It was probably since he felt a form of connection
with him ever since they spent those two weeks locked up in jail. It was
a bit hard for him to admit it, but Kami was probably the closest thing
to a friend that he had and even though he would never say it out loud,
he was somewhat distressed as well about him not being here.

Luckily though the first day had gone quite fast. Sayu and him had spent
a great majority of the first day of his absence hunting down monsters
for him to capture. There wasn't anything special about any of the ones
he did managed to Tame but now his small army had been rebuilt.

He had to say he was a bit impressed with Sayu's combat capabilities
although a bit overwhelming. She had killed off the first few monsters
"accidently" which had angered Hiromichi since he was trying to capture
them, not kill them. Afterwards she and him had worked together to
corner and catch a few of the monsters and he was surprised as to how
well in sync they worked.

Before he realized it a whole day had gone by with Sayu and it had
actually not been bad. She grew on him when she wasn't spouting out
nonsense about being superior or saying all those weird stuff he found
hard to understand. She was in fact actually quite nice and serious when
she didn't seem to have Kami in mind.

/"Tch, she's probably the clich girl who grew up with him as kids and is
totally in love with him. Dam that guy is lucky."/ Hiromich thought to
himself.

On their return, Thief had let them know that Kami had left to the
Draconian Empire and would be back as soon as possible. This had
immediately set Sayu in a depressed state and ever since had been
nonstop drinking. The fact that it took her nearly a day of drinking to
get this drunk was actually a surprise to him and even Thief thought it
was impressive.

/"Come to think of it, we left her at the bar yesterday and when we came
back, she was still here drinking. Did she not go to sleep and drink all
night, d-dam that's scary."/

Sebastien's laugh brought Hiromichi back from his inner thoughts as he
saw him reaching out and grabbing Thief's hand.

"What do you say then, mademoiselle? Shall we leave for a more, private
location?"

"S-shit, you work fast" mumbled Hiromichi.

Thief on the other hand seemed slightly intoxicated now as well as she
let out a drunk laugh.

"S-sure! Let's party all night, ku ku!"

Hiromichi panicked as he stared at the situation. He was sure that the
drunk Thief had very little idea what it was she was agreeing to and he
decided he would have to be the voice of reason for her tonight.

"Hell no! You are not taking a drunk girl back to your place! Have some
decency man!"

"Someone...take me...home..." mumbled an unconscious Sayu.

"Ohoho but of course I shall, my duty as-"

"G-get away you dam pervert! You two get a grip!"

Sebastien let out another laugh as he leaned back on his chair and
enjoyed the moment.

The bar buzzed with joy as well as the city. With nothing to fear now
Alzel had found its little peace.

However, the night grew dark and from within the shadows of the outside
walls a multitude of shadow figures surrounded the city of Alzel. Soon
enough the attack on the city of Alzel would commence. With the Hero
Kami no longer here to protect it, its destruction seemed almost
guaranteed.

