
Michael took a deep breath attempting to regain his faltering energy. It
was preposterous that him, one of the most powerful beings in all
existence was now on his knees, nearly defeated.

He looked to his sides and noted his brother, Raphael and Uriel both on
the ground, completely unconscious. 

"Dear thing, all this commotion just to defend what your father has
abandoned, we can put an end to this right now."

A sweet mellow voice spoke from behind as it circled him from behind.

Michael frowned at the sound of the voice but remained still. He didn't
want to make any hasty movements, there would come a time to strike but
for now he would wait.

A face so familiar leaned towards him so close they were only a few
inches apart. The glowing red pupils and dark empty hollow eyes. The
sinister dark grin showing his sharp-edged  teeth and his bright white
skin. He wore a red and black robe that  reached all the way to the
bottom of the ground. Underneath it was a  dark suit giving him an
elegant look. 

It was Lucifer's face now that mocked him as Michael struggled to
contain his anger.

"Now now, I can see your angry little thing but there's no need to be so
upset. I'm here to keep track of Creation while...what do you call him,
Kami was it? Yes, while Kami is away."

Lucifer retracted back and stood tall over him once more. He casually
walked around him once more examining the area around.

"What is it you really want?" spoke Michael with an assertive deep tone.

Lucifer looked back and gave a mischievous smile.

"I  already told you, I'm here to take care of things while he's away.
I've  noticed Creation has been...well...let's just say not doing so
good, so  in his place, you get me. Is that not just sweet?"

Michael had heard enough.

This creature wanted to replace his father, the Almighty Creator of
everything in existence.  He had fought with all his strength, even
joined forces with his  brothers to keep this from happening but in the
end, their combined  strength was not enough. 

Never  in all of time had he ever matched against someone this powerful.
If he  could even compare such strength to any being in the world it
would  have to be that of the Creator.

Michael  shook his head at this blasphemous thought. No matter how
powerful this  being was there was no strength that could surpass Kami's.

His  angered reached a boiling point as he stood up and barely managed
to  move an inch before a force pushed him back down to his knees.

"Tisk, tisk.  If the four of you couldn't take me on, I'm not sure why
you think you  can do it by yourself. Little brother certainly didn't
make you all that  smart, did he?" mocked the figure in front of him as
he gave a little joyful hop.

Michael managed to look towards the throne, in which Kami ruled over all
Heaven and saw his fallen brother, Lucifer next to it. His glare
returned back to the imposter who was walking around in his appearance.

"It's  really touching when family comes together and joins forces to
take  down a bigger threat! It brings a certain warm feeling in 
my...umm...heart?"

The imitation Lucifer let out a cough and smiled as he spun around
admiring what was around him.

"Ah, this entire place is filled with his essence, it brings back
memories..." the voice drifted.

Michael thought he caught a glimpse of a flushing red face before it
returned to normal.

"So, little thing, if I may ever so insist, where is he?"

"I would rather die!" barked Michael.

"We can work with that!" clapped the imitation Lucifer hopping once more
in place.

Michael felt a sudden sharp pain as he gasps and fell completely on the
ground. His vision went blurry for a second as he lost complete feeling
and conscious only to suddenly be brought into the light.

He gasped once more rolling around in the ground in pain.

A chuckle ringed in his ear as his pain continued to increase once more
and again, his vision went completely dark as he lost complete feel of
everything.

Michael coughed feeling the pain of agony rise once again, the light
reaching his eyes once more.

This cycle of torture he had never been submitted to before continued
for what felt like an eternity.  He would be filled with pain to the
brink of his limitations only to  find himself lost in complete darkness
and be brought back to the  nightmarish pain before him. It seemed
endless and it gave him very  little time to speak or even manage to let
out a scream.

Finally, the pain stopped but only enough for him to be able to express
his confusion.

"AGH! W-what are y-you doing to me?!"

The imitator crouched next to him and gave him a sweet smile. 

Somehow this expression filled him with something he never thought he
would experience, fear. Although the face was demonstrating innocence
and comfort behind its actions it only showed a cruel sadistic side to it.

"Did you go anywhere when you die? Those mortal things that little
brother created, they die and go here, don't they? What about you? Did
you die and go anywhere, or was it just darkness?" the voice asked
curiously.

"D-died?"

The face pouted and seemed to forget that Michael was there as he spoked
to himself.

"So, these little things don't have souls huh...at least he didn't try
to make another like..."

The voice drifted as he walked away and looked around once more.

Michael could feel his body regaining its  strength as the figure in
front of him lost interest in torturing. He  rolled slowly onto his
knees and drew a sword from thin air.

The sword gleamed with the very essence and energy of the Almighty
Creator. It was perhaps only something an Archangel like himself was
allowed to use and even then, would only be drawn in case of the direst
situations.

As the figured stumbled around looking at the others who had fallen,
Michael lunged towards him.

The figured barely managed to look back at him and move himself from
where Michaels sword was about to strike.

"Not fast enough!" Michael spoke before lifting his hand at a still
surprised Lucifer.

He would have  to do anything at this point to keep this being from
taking over  Heaven, even if it meant sacrificing himself and the rest
of his  brothers. This would obliviate from existence itself, leaving
nothing in its wake.

"F-forgive me father!"

A blinding light filled the room as a loud tearing noise echoed across
Heaven itself. The area seemed to disappear behind this loud blinding
light. It  kept expanding reaching the point that all the angels and
souls that  inhabited Heaven could see the gleam of light continuing to
grow.Nothing of any magnitude would survive this.

For this reason, Michael looked around confused, at a now clearly still
standing throne and his still unconscious  brothers laying on the
ground. The figure in front of him no longer  resembling his fallen
brother, Lucifer, walked around him once more. 

It was a girl, her eyes were dark violet and had a semblance of gleaming
white lights around it. It felt like you were looking at the very cosmos
of space itself if you  stared at them. Her long hair reached up to her
waist and gleamed brightly in a dark neon color as she bounced around in
what Michael found to be incredibly normal looking clothing. It was just
a formal black button up shirt with sleeves rolled  up to her elbows.
Underneath that she seemed to have a white tank top  and wore a
patterned skirt. Her shoes were also just average sneakers  that any
human he would meet in a somewhat modern era would wear. Aside  from
that her appearance was that of girl in her late teen's or early twenties. 

This  confused Michael even more than the fact that she had been
imitating  the appearance of Lucifer ever since she got here. Another
thing Michael  noticed was her beauty, it was somewhat stunning compared
to a lot of  creations he had seen his father do. Whoever this being was
it had clearly been made  to be a pinnacle of beauty by Kami.

"Wrong, oh so wrong!" the voice said as if it had been reading his mind.

She swung her finger down as Michael was pushed once more onto the ground.

This  time though instead of the gentle push that had kept him on his
knees  he was thrown hard against the ground as it crumbled underneath
the force.

The girl walked towards Kami's throne ever so slowly before looking back
at Michael.

"I'm  sorry is this chair taken? No, oh allow me then, thank you, such
a  gentleman." she said shaking her head back and forth as if having a 
conversation with someone.

Michael  stared at her going back and forth between herself and came to
the  conclusion that not only was she beyond anything he had ever seen
but  was also crazy.

She  sat on the throne which was had only ever been occupied by Kami as
the  sky around them grew dark. The area around them began to decay
into  nothingness as if completely disappearing from existence.

Michael  looked around terrified at what was happening before finally
hearing  her giggle in excitement. The throne itself held no power over
Heaven  and sitting on it did not make one the right ruler or gave them
the  right to change things as they are, meaning all this was just her
using  her own strength to warp Heaven, something Kami himself had made.

"Don't look so worried, I'm true to my word. I did only come to take
care of my little brother's toys. Do tell me though, where  is he? I
hope you're not planning on dying over and over again." she  smiled
innocently as she leaned on her hand and stared at Michael.

Heaven around them continued to grow darker and began warping in a way
in which Kami had never intended. The ruler of the Void, that which was
past what Kami had yet to make into existence, had claim Heaven as her own.





*/A/N: Sorry bit late on this one by a few hours!FYI, in case you have
not noticed I've been trying to do daily uploads once more into God's an
chapter showing up
somewhere around 9-10 PM PST. They might be a bit messier but do let me
know if I screw up. I tend to do so a lot,thank you and enjoy!/*

