
"Just..like...that!"

The  girl who had claimed Heaven clapped her hands at her own hard work.
She  floated in the middle of space as she managed to hold off the two 
planets inhabited by some of her brother's Creations from collapsing 
against each other.

"S-small but its progress..." spoke an angelic figure in the back who
observed the situation.

She clapped her hands in excitement and bowed towards the angel.

"Yes, if I ke-"

Before  she finished there was a loud rumbling as the two planets that
she had  just managed to save began to shake. It wasn't long after that
the planets in front of them began to disintegrate as she stared at her
handy work with a blank expression.

An army of angels followed suit and flew past her in an attempt to save
the lives of the mortals in front of her.

It was complete chaos as the angels rushed and grabbed every last soul
they could before her power managed to reach them.

In only a manner of seconds the two planets that had been floating in
space were now gone.

She remained stoic, staring at the now empty vacuum of space in its
place as the angel who she had been speaking to slowly made his way to her.

"M-mam, I think-"

The angel barely managed another word in before his presence completely
banished. 

A few of the other angels around her who had been witness to this were
struck with fear as they retreated.

She sighed and pouted before speaking up.

"How  does he move stuff around without destroying it. I just don't have
any  Creation in me, we're totally opposites." she said as she looked at
her  hands.

Ever since the beginning they had been the true ends of each other.
While Kami had the power of Creation in him,  she was Nothing. She was
everything he was not but even so she admired  his strength and one day
wished to follow in on his footsteps. However  somewhere down the road
things had turned a bit messy.

Ever since she came to control Heaven, she had tried to keep Creation in
check, true  to her word. It wasn't hard moving entire Universes around.
The problem  was when she inserted her power to do so. At first it would
all go her  way almost to the exact same level as if Kami himself was
doing it. The  angels had even been surprised and some of them had felt
relieved that  there was finally someone who could look after Creation
while Kami was  gone. However, they soon realized that everything she
tried to fix ended  up disappearing into Nothingness. There was no signs
of anything being left, no galaxies, no stars, no planets, no souls,
nothing. This was in its own way, worse than Death.

She sighed once more as she contemplated her next step.

Heaven  itself had somewhat been easy to keep the same considering it
was  filled with Kami's essence. As long as she didn't exert to much of
her  own power while in Heaven, it would revert back to the way it was.

Prayers, that  was a fun business to deal with. She tried to give
mortals everything  they wanted, thinking Kami would do the same. She
then found out by the  angels that Kami didn't answer to prayers along
those lines. However, it didn't seem to matter since again, anything she
gave them would inevitably  be nothing. She started noticing that from
that point belief in Kami  had begun declining as many mortals were not
getting their prayers  answered properly. Since she had taken over and
told the angels to back  off, much of the prayers were now floating in
the air with no response.

A  whole month in Heaven's time lapse had passed and she was trying to 
manage small stuff. Stuff that even angels could do, for example, move 
planets around. Even so now, it seemed almost impossible.

"Nooo, little brother is going to kill me!" she exclaimed as she rubbed
her hair in frustration.

Her  whole plan was to come in and save the day. She day dreamed of
Kami  returning to Heaven only to find everything working at one
hundred  percent only to show his appreciation by thanking her and
telling her  how much he loves her.

She flushed and slapped her cheeks.

"It's not going to happen if I just float here in space and keep
destroying stuff! You! Wing Birdie thing, you're my new tutor."

One of the angels shivered as he stepped up and bowed as far as he could.

"Y-yes mam, p-please don't erase me from existence!"

"I...why woul- oh did I do that to another one?" she asked dumbfounded.

The angels shivered in fear at the being who simply erased angels
without even noticing. Every time she got upset at being unable to
handle the smallest of situations,  she would end up erasing whoever was
around her which a lot of the  times, it was an angel who was trying to
teach her how to work Creation  without destroying it. This was
different to them than dying, since they knew Kami would be able to
bring them back if they died. However,  erasing them from existence
would mean he would have to make them  again, and at that point could
they really say that they were that newly  made being, or just a copy of
themselves.

She took a small little marble from inside her pocket as she stuck her
tongue out and peaked inside it. 

It  was the Universe in which Kami was currently in. It was covered in
his  essence as a barrier to keep being outs which means even if she
tried to  insert her own power, it would repair as long as she stopped
in time.  She held it and awed trying to take a close look.

"I wonder if he's having a fun. It's been nothing but a few hours in
there, can't time run faster! I see his first Creation is there with him
too." she pouted feeling a bit left out.

The angel who had been assigned to be her new tutor shook his hand and
spoke.

"P-please that's enough, the Creator is in there we can't afford for you
to erase that Universe."

She looked up at him and smiled which only freaked the angel out.

"Don't be stupid I would never erase my little brother. He completes me.
Without him I really am nothing."

The angel looked at her confused but decided not to pursue it any further.

She took a deep breath and confidently spoke.

"What do we have that's smaller than planets?"

"W-we could work with individuals perhaps, there's a Universe numbered
six hundred thousand four hund-"

"Just tell me the problem please."

"R-right, well it's a magic based universe. There  seems to be some
instability with some of the local Gods there. We  should really check
in to see that they are not interfering negatively  with the mortals in
that realm by the name of Orbis Terra. Their Magus  Ki-"

"That sounds a bit boring." she replied with a blank expression as she
tossed the marble shaped Universe up and down.

The angel throat knotted before bowing once more.

"T-then what do you wish to do?"

She  sighed and looked around. To be honest all she wanted to do was
see  Kami. He had always kept her away but would ever so often send Shi
to  say hi to her from him. It would always make her happy receiving
that  simple gesture, even if it wasn't directly from him. She always
wished  he would come along and meet with her, they used to be so close
back  before he made Creation a thing.

She pouted once again and grabbed the angel by the neck.

"N-no please I'm too young to die! I've only been alive for six millennia!"

"We're going back to Heaven, we've got some reforming to do!"

The angel struggled to break free as her strength seemed to nearly break
him apart. 

She let go as the angel let out a cough and bowed once more.

"A-as you wish!"

The other angels who had been on standby and had heard her demands,
nodded their heads and opened a portal into Heaven.

She hummed happily as she floated into the portal with the rest of the
angels following short.

There was perhaps a way she could inherently use the power of Creation
Kami so used, which would mean a somewhat drastic change in Heaven for a
while.

She smiled innocently but behind that smile a much darker plan laid through.





*/A/N: D-d-double Chapter, that's right boys and girls, Weekends are
chapter days! Yatah?! Enjoy .-./*


Chapter 83 

"Now step to the plate, Drairgun, Hero of the Draconian Empire!"

The crowd roared as Drairgun walked out from one of the gates of the
Colosseum.

It was an exciting day for many who had decided to head on over for a
fun day of watching the competitions. Albeit, many were surprised at the
sudden entrance of the Hero without any prior announcement, but still
welcomed to see one such as him coming in as a competitor.

As he made his way to the center the people on the side lines continued
to cheer frantically. Drairgun was a well-known Hero among the people.
He had slayed many monsters, many which attacked the cities and villages
of the Draconian Empire, during his overall lifetime. His service, which
spanned nearly to a century, was one which the King most valued. Very
few people out there could stagger to the magnitude of such a presence.

Although many were happy to see him, they began wondering what
competitor would even be able to stand a chance to such a powerful man
before them.

The King sat higher on the stand in a special location build for someone
of his status. He overlooked the arena with his own personal guards
standing by in case of any incoming attackers. To his sides, Himari and
Doryu sat observing alongside him.

Doryu who was less than thrilled to be here at this point only sighed as
he looked over at Himari.

"Never said you were the Apprentice of a God."

She looked surprisingly at Doryu and shrugged her shoulders while giving
him a light smile.

"Are you mad about yesterday? If anything, I should be the one who is
unhappy with everything you were saying."

"I was just riling you up. Much that did anyway towards the end. No
amount of hard work can match to that level of strength."

Doryu said as he slouched and turned his attention back towards the arena.

Himari imagined that Doryu was feeling bummed out about how things ended
up. She on the other hand was more than happy with the current
situation. Her strength, although borrowed, was reaching the point where
she could take on people such at him incredibly easy. She closed her
eyes and took a deep breath.

Having this level of strength was a bit intoxicating. Stuff like
strength only had meaning to her as long as she could use it to protect
others and in proxy, be helpful to Kami. By being his apprentice, she
was essentially a mortal with a God's Blessing, meaning she was at a
point which she had only dreamed of.

The King Horas sat by idly hearing the small discussion between the two
but drifted into his own thought immediately after.

/"This is bad, that God is being presented as the Hero of the Ducuria
Kingdom, meaning when he DOES defeat Drairgun people will know there is
a literal God walking among the Human's backing them up." /

Prince Mesfrit who had also just been sitting there quietly, smiled at
the turn of events.

Although it was a shock that Kami had turned out to be a God and not a
Hero, this was probably much more convenient. A God who was not aligned
with Celestia or the Abyss but instead worked to protect the Humans of
his Kingdom would only make the other nations much more fearful of
instigating an attack.

/"I sure do hope it stays that way, any day now, the Elven Kingdom will
declare an all-out war, with this news reaching their ears I hope they
will think twice of it. Still, can Kami even compare to their Grand
Hero..." /

His thoughts drifted as the announcer spoke once more, his voice echoing
across the arena as everyone fell silent.

"As for the competitor, he hails from the land of the Humans,
representing them as the Hero of the Ducuria Kingdom, please, welcome
Hero Kami!"

There was gasps among the people and some looked in shocked as Kami
walked from the opposite end of the gate. There was no applauses or
cheering except from Himari who stood up and clapped cheerfully as he
walked towards the center of the stage.

He donned the glow of the Gods which everyone here knew distinguished a
mortal from what they were. His appearance, almost translucent compared
to mortals, made him stick out like a sore thumb as the crowd stared in
disbelief.

"N-no way, there's no way there's a God here challenging Drairgun."

"D-does that mean the Gods are against us now as well"

"A-are we enemies of Otherworld?!"

There was a small sense of panic that filled the crowd as it grew among
them.

Soon there was frantic chatter among them as the announcer's voice
echoed once more across the arena.

"People, please settle down! This is a friendly competition between two
Heroes despite one..being a God! This is not a refl-"

He lost the crowd as they once more began speaking and some even tried
to stand to leave the Colosseum.

Many feared that this somehow was a signal of their incoming doom, and
tried to make their way out.

Kami who had been standing idly this whole time sighed.

"Calm down and sit."

There was a wave of energy that brushed like the air across the arena as
everyone froze. The emotions of fear and confusion that they felt were
washed away as a wave of peace and tranquility fell over them. Many
turned and stared back at him as they took a seat once more as if
entranced by his presence.

Kami on the other hand clicked his tongue.

/Ah so it does work that way. My Charisma has become a Unique Stat like
Thief's Lucky one. Is that why it was always awfully low? This is
borderline not one of the Unique stats I would want. It goes against
what I give people, which is free will. Either way I guess I couldn't
have them walk off and start thinking that me being here is a sign of
disaster. That's not good for the image I was trying to set. /

He had spent last night after the party was over learning about what had
happened ever since he had chosen God Class. There was a few
differences, one obviously being the large change in stats, a couple new
passives, an a few skills that came along with the it. The one thing
that had caught his attention this whole time though was how his
Charisma had changed in appearance. It had resembled that of Thief's
Luck stat. Funny enough, just like her own Luck Stat his Charisma was
low but its effect was grand.

His words could essentially now bend people to his will and it would
seem perfectly normal to them. He could change their moods, make them do
whatever he wants them to do, control them like they were nothing more
than chess pieces in his grand game. He wasn't sure what the consistent
increase in it would do but as of now he knew he could easily manipulate
others and they would see it as something natural.

This was not new to him, he was always more than able to do that, since
he created mortals but he never did so directly. He truly did believe
mortals deserved free will and wanted them to do as they wish. However,
by some twisted chance, his now Unique Stat was that very same ability
he had long used.

Kami would have to watch his mouth from now and make sure not to
accidentally bend someone or something to his will. It was easy enough
to control but he wasn't sure how it directly translated to in this world.

The crowd continued to stare at him, as if clinging to any other word he
would say.

Kami cleared his throat and spoke, his voice now amplified as if he was
speaking into a microphone.

He cringed at the thought of what to say next but decided to wing it.

"Citizens of the Draconian Empire. I come in peace not as a God, but as
a fellow existence in this world. My purpose is not to instigate a war
between our nations, or even a Divine one. I come to test my strength
against your best that is all. My allegiance is not with one nation or
one group, mortal or not, but with you. As a God I promise to you that
my only wish is to keep the peace between mortals and to help anyone in
need, regardless of borders! I ask that you give me the chance to prove
myself, not as a God, but as a Hero of the People!"

Kami closed his eyes and fell into deep thought.

/Alright didn't use my Charisma to affect that in anyway. Ahhh, but it
felt so lame I'm not sure what to do now everyone seems so quiet! Did I
screw it up? I got a few references from movies a- /

There was a small clap coming from the crowd as the looked at each other
in a pleased manner. The clapped turned louder as the people began
cheering and eventually there was a roar of encouraging noises coming
from the arena.

Kami smiled and raised his hand happily as he looked around feeling
content with himself.

It would seem to him that the Draconian Empire and its people now
welcomed him just as happily as the Ducuria Kingdom did.

