
"A reminder, this friendly bout is only being done as an exhibition
between us of the land of Tyr and the Gods!" yelled out the announcer.

The crowd cheered on as Kami looked in confusion at him.

/Did this guy just change the whole perspective of this fight after my
speech? Well guess it's a good way to look at it. A reach of hands
between two races. /

Kami shrugged and looked over at Drairgun only to let out a small laugh.

Drairgun had been standing there like an unmovable pillar the whole the
commotion was going on,unfazed by any of the happening events.

"You have a bit of an unshaken will don't you. The most surprised I've
seen you is back at the Colosseum. Even now you stand before me as
though I'm an average mortal, I'm impressed."

Drairgun stood in silence for a while before speaking.

"Is that not what you want? I was under the impression you wished to be
treated as an equal and not some unfathomable being. Either way, it's
not in my nature to be shaken by such things. I've killed beings whose
strength felt far superior than my own. This is a small competition
compared to the scales of such battles."

"Is that your way of saying you're going to beat me."

"Hmmm, I wonder...no, perhaps not today. My strength might be too
inferior to your own. However, I do not intend to allow this to be true
forever. My determination is at test here, come then, God with no
banner, we shall test our resolve."

"It looks like the two competitors are fired up and ready to go! Let the
battle, commence!" the announcer yelled out once more.

It was faster than Kami had imagine it would be.

Drairgun pulled out his sword not a second after announcer finished and
unleashed his attack.

It was a large blade of red and black energy that moved in a crescent form.

Kami knew this was child's play for him but he did not intend to make
this a complete slaughter. He would patientlly wait for Drairgun to do
his attacks put his back somewhat against the corner to say. Then he
would show them a bit of something he had planned out for a show.

/Alright should dodge, this adds a bit of flare instead of simply taking
the attack! /

He moved almost too fast for anyone to take notice that he had dodged
the blade heading his way. The blade managed to barely make its way
towards the wall of the Colosseum before hitting an invisible barrier
and eventually dissipated.

Kami stared back at the barrier, surprised that there was actually
something like that.

It's probably smart of them to do so. Fights can get crazy so putting up
barriers to prevent damage is a good idea.

He turned around to ask Drairgun how the barrier worked exactly but as
he did he noticed the towering image of him, in the air a few feet away
from him lunging his large great sword at him.

Kami dodged once more this time staying alert. It was clear Drairgun
didn't want to leave any openings for him to respond.

/Makes sense, if I get anytime to retaliate, he probably knows my
attacks will do more damage than his ever could. He's going to try and
put me into a defensive state in this fight. /

Drairgun's sword smashed against the ground breaking it apart only to
immediately raise his hand towards Kami.

He felt a sudden effect kick in but it disappeared almost instantaneously.

Drairgun stood up and raised his sword once more as he stared at Kami.

"I see...you can negate negative effects...this is a difficult situation
for me."

Kami smiled as he figured what had happened.

Drairgun had more than likely attempted to use a skill that would have
an effect like slowing him down, or decreasing his stats in some way,
maybe even a curse, but none of that would ever work on Kami. That was
because of his passive.[Untouchable] which had worked so well since he
got to this world. The first time he noticed its benefits was back in
the woods where everyone else had received a curse but not him. He had
realized that this was more than likely due to some ability he had and
he was right. Nothing could affect him, either positive or negative
effects unless he wanted them to.

"Very well" Drairgun spoke taking a battle position once again.

His body began glowing with a dreary aura that was colored like blood.
Kami couldn't see his stats but Kami felt his strength rising.

/I still can't see his stats, he has his information well-hidden even
now. Guess he had a point, not letting an opponent see your information.
It is definitely an advantage to some degree. I can't tell exactly how
strong he could be at this time. Although this move...Bloodlust Limiter
was it? He's a Berserker Class! /

Kami felt somewhat proud of himself for figuring this information out
without the need for a skill. It gave him the slight notion that he was
beginning to learn classes and skills from this world simply by looking
at them. Like how in a game if you fight enough enemies, you'll
eventually learn certain mannerisms or their tales before they do an
attack or skill.

Drairgun smacked his free hand against the ground before it began shaking.

Kami could feel the rumbling underneath him as he stayed alert to what
could be coming next.

Tsk would it kill him to say the move he's going to do?! He just does
stuff and I have to figure out what's happening!

It was simpler than he imagined as the ground underneath him collapsed.
He reacted fast enough to maintain himself above it as he jumped from
side to side to avoid falling in but this in return made him lose sight
of Drairgun.

He moved fast as he appeared almost in a blink of an eye he appeared
next to Kami and pushed him back with the palm of his hand.

He actually managed to hit me somehow. No damage though sorry Drairgun!

Kami had enough playing from behind for the sake of showmanship. He
regained his composure as he snapped his fingers at him.

Three large rods of light surrounded Drairgun and instantly smashed
themselves against him locking themselves in place. Once they were
locked, a ring of energy appeared, connecting them, as Drairgun stood
still stoic as he usually does.

"A skill to immobilize me. Not bad, but I feel as though you still lack
the resolve to show me your full strength. Have I not pushed you far
enough to make you do so?"

Kami rubbed the back of his head and smiled back at the now statue-like
Draconian Hero.

"If I did, this would hardly qualify as a fight. Take what I can give
and accept the fact that it's probably the best you can do. Tell you
what though, if you can break free from that I'll happily show you a bit
more."

Drairgun remained still in place appearing as though he had given up.

Kami could feel his energy surging though. He was putting all his effort
into breaking free from the attack that now bound him in place.

It seemed pointless as Drairgun continued to put in more and more force
into breaking through but with little results. The rods of light that
had him locked in place showed no signs of even being remotely affected.

"This, is this the strength difference then, between a mortal and a
God." spoke Drairgun finally giving in.

Kami shrugged as he contemplated his words. From what he could tell
there were far stronger mortals that he was at the moment but he didn't
want to demoralize him anymore than this could potentially be doing so

Drairgun looked down at the rods that held him in place and he let out a
long sigh.

"Very well, have it your way, however, I will not surrender."

Kami smiled at him and lifted his fingers towards the air.

"Alright then ,no worries, I'll just have to drop you unconscious, what
better way than to have this little guy, Witch Doll!"

The arena lit brightly as the crowd covered their eyes at the
overwhelming presence of light was too blinding for them to see.

From the ground a small little Kami-like doll appeared as it looked
around in confusion as to where it was. It had the same appearance as
last time with the now addition of an added aura of divine light that
glowed around it.

"Ah this seems like a fun way to fight. Summoners in games fight like
this if I'm correct, no?"

"Summoners...?" Drairgun spoke in a confused tone.

Kami still holding his hand up in a dramatic fashion yelled out.

"Summon: Angelic Knight!"

Another light shined covering the arena as a fully armored monster
appeared wielding a large lance and shield. It expanded its wings made
of pure light as it looked down upon Drairgun. Its face was covered by a
vizard similar to that of Drairgun's. It floated in the air awaiting any
further instructions from Kami.

The crowd was stunned and mesmerized at the display as they grew silent
at the sight of this overwhelming being.

Kami seemed far from done as he yelled out once more.

"Summon: Divine Archer!"

A figured emerged from a wave of light next to Kami. It was a tall lean
creature almost as tall as Drairgun himself wearing a kimono-like gown
walked towards the small Witch Doll and raised its bow. The bow gleamed
with the force of what could only be described as the sun.

The three creatures stood tall looming a large terrifying presence over
the field.

For a while there it looked like Drairgun might have had the upper hand
and the crowd was having somewhat a field day seeing that a mortal was
standing tall in front of a God.

Kami now deciding he had waited long enough to make his own move,
decided to show Drairgun a bit more of his strength.

He crouched and smiled as the rods that were keeping Drairgun in place
disappeared.

Drairgun stumbled a bit as he flexed his arms checking to see if he had
regained complete movement of his body. He looked at Kami and spoke.

"You're releasing me? I hope you don't grow weary of your decision now
that I know what you can do."

Kami shrugged once more as he pointed at the creatures in front of him.

"I just wanted to try out a few skills, consider this a test of your
will. I hope the crowd doesn't go back to fearing my presence though,
that would be inconvenient."

"Hmph, these people see you as a light of hope for mortality since you
gave your speech. This will probably only show them that their hope is
not misplaced. Words can take you so far but actions determine the
outcome. It does very little to trust someone who can't back his own
strength. For this I am sure they can see your power and respect it!
Enough talk though."

/You're the one who's talking anyhow! You really get all chatty out of
nowhere don't you? Very dramatic as well. /

Drairgun raised his sword once again, this time aiming it at the three
creatures in front of him.

"I take even these creatures that you have summoned against me, as a
testament of your respect towards my resolve!"

Kami's expression grew blank at hearing this.

/Get the hint! You can't win why does he seem to get more excited the
more I try to make him back down! Well this is its own fun anyhow.
Testing out summoner-like skills is its own reward. So many class type
skills to try so little time! Ah, I want to learn and try them all! /

Kami smiled brightly once more as he raised his finger at the Witch Doll.

The Witch Doll looked back at him as its beady eyes blinked in surprise.

"You're in charge of those two, strategize well little guy and show him
what you can do!"

