
"You might regret releasing me from your grip, Hero Kami"

Drairgun seemed prepared to take this to the next level as he raised his
sword onto the sky.

The dark red tink color aura intensified but took a different form. As
before it was more or less a cloak of energy surrounding him now it
became more violent and edged.

Kami tilted his head in curiosity.

/It looks like Drairgun doesn't really enjoy yelling out the names of
his skills. This definitely makes it harder for me to figure out what
he's doing. I can tell he just used something else though just not sure
what. /

"Wait, wait, you're not making this fun for me or the audience." sighed
Kami.

"This is not having having fun, but a show of strength."

"Ah, well maybe, even so, I'm sure they want to understand what's
happening. Why not speak the move you're about to use or yell it out or
something. Everyone so far has been doing so it's a bit weird having a
fight where you're just silently attacking me with stuff."

"If I speak the name of my skills it will only give you information
about what I'm doing. This is the most optimal form of fighting."

Kami sighed once more as he dropped his head to the ground.

This was probably true but he expected some back and forth dramatic
fight happening. He tried a bit of a demonstration with his summoning's
hoping to get Drairgun to follow in but it seemed he was adamant on
trying to take advantages wherever he could.

"Just give it a try, I'm not saying you should fight like this all the
time but look around you. If you don't drop some of that tense vibe you
give off people are going to start thinking you're taking this too
serious." commented Kami as he stared at the audience.

In truth most of them actually were looking at the creatures Kami had
summoned in awe. He was happy that they had taken a fancy to them
instead of being fearful about using them. Using creatures that look
this divine and holy might have something to do with it. Kami pondered
if he had tried to use some other forms of darker creatures if they
would have had the same reaction.

Drairgun lowered his sword to his side as he stared directly at Kami.

It was hard for him to see what Drairgun was thinking about at any point
in time considering he wore that helmet all the time. He would have
expected him to remove it on the presence of the king or while he ate
last night but instead, he kept it on all night even when sitting on the
table to eat. He just sat there and stared at everyone eating without
taking a single bite himself.

"I see...perhaps I am taking this too seriously. Very well, a bit of
entertainment for the audience if you so will."

Once again Drairgun raised his sword to the sky as he howled out.

"Bloodshed!"

Again, the aura around him intensified as if growing in strength. He
lowered his weapon and aimed it at the Divine Archer who had been
standing next to the small Witch Doll the whole time. Once more, with
very little warning Drairgun took off with his weapon aimed towards the
Archer.

Kami observed his movements closely and noticed his speed had increased
once more. He imagined Bloodshed along with Bloodlust Limiter increase
his attack power and speeds accordingly. How much so he would have to see.

Drairgun jumped off the ground and raised his greatsword over his head
with very little effort over the Divine Archer's head. The speed and
precision in which he moved was inhuman but still not fast enough.

The Angelic Knight who had been idly standing by this whole time made
its move as it managed to place itself in between Drairgun and the
Divine Archer. It held it's shield up preparing to take the full impact
of the blow.

"Hmph"

Drairgun's reaction was fast as he managed to change the position of the
hilt around his hand. Instead of swinging down on the Angelic Knight's
shield he swung horizontally across only giving the Knight some protection.

The Angelic Knight was caught off guard as it was pushed to the side
just enough for Drairgun to have vision of the Divine Archer.

Drairgun was blown back with full force as an arrow flew past his
shoulder barely missing. However, the force that was dragged behind that
arrow was still enough to send him flying back.

He tumbled on the ground for a bit before regaining his stance. He
raised his sword once more and spoke.

"This is problematic. I can't get past the floating being there to get
to the back line...you set this up with the intention of making the
Archer wither me down while the Knight there became its shield. I can
only imagine the Witch Doll creature here is the backup or tactician to
the two creatures before me."

Kami's expression grew dumbfounded as he nodded his head.

"Yes, I thought off all that."

/No, I didn't. /

The Witch Doll seemingly satisfied with its unspoken commands patted the
Archer. He seemed pleasantly happy with itself as it raised its stubby
arm giving the Archer a 'Good job!'.

/Even a Witch Doll version of myself likes to play defensively. Wouldn't
be so hard to take him down if all three of them attacked at once. /

The Witch Doll raised its hand at Drairgun as the Angelic Knight who was
now composed once again, moved up on him.

It floated slowly towards Drairgun, raising its lance and shield.

Drairgun responded with a roar as he ran up the Knight.

He swung his sword wildly at it but his attacks seemed to have little
effect.

The Angelic Knight and Drairgun exchanged blows back and forth for a
while. They moved around the arena as the attacks left the area around
them in ruins.

Kami noticed Drairgun tried to stay in front of the Angelic Knight while
he confronted it head on. He imagined this was because he didn't want
the Archer to attack him while he was focusing his attacks on the Knight.

/So, he's trying to take one opponent down at a time and at the same
time, keeping the Archer from attacking him while putting the Knight as
a wall between himself and the Archer. Not a bad plan if... /

The Angelic Knight suddenly raised its shield and bashed Drairgun.

He raised his sword and used it to block the attack just as he noticed
an arrow approaching him from his side.

Drairgun seemed shocked as the arrow pierced his armor and penetrated
the side of his ribs. He stumbled back and stared at the Archer.

"He can...bend arrows. This damage...how powerful is it that it can hurt
me so much in just one attack..."

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Divine Archer *

LVL: 25

EXP: -/-

Title: -

Class: Summon/Archer

HP: 15731/15731

Stamina: 19046/19046

Mana: 13003/13003

Strength: 17324

Endurance: 15000

Intelligence: 14297

Dexterity: 21845

Charisma: 12672

Wisdom: 14862

/This would be a powerful Summon Creature if someone else would be using
it. Normally people around this level are in their hundreds when it
comes to stats from what I've seen. If they were capable of summoning
this Divine Archer or even the Angelic Knight they would consider it a
most powerful being. Creatures like these seem to have a set amount of
stats though based on your level. Unlike that the Witch Doll's strength
seems to come based on the Summoner itself. Two different kinds of
summons from what I can tell in this world... /

Kami's consistent pestering of questions and information was helping him
learn more and more about this world. From when he had seen the Witch
Doll he had been intrigued as to how Summoned Creatures worked. The
Witch Doll is a summon that uses once own strength to determine the
power of the Creature. While the Summon Creatures, like the Archer and
the Knight, had a set value and were only so strong depending on the
Summoners Level. For example, the Divine Archer would be Level 26 if he
himself was Level 26 and it would raise its stats accordingly. The
summoners strength had no impact on how powerful this kind of creature
would be. The Witch Doll's strength was based on its summoner stats
however.

Kami stared at the Witch Doll jumping up and down.

/Even so, the limitations of a summoning like the Witch Doll are
starting to show. Even though the stronger I am stat-wise the stronger
he gets, there is a more noticeable difference now that my stats are
this high /

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Kami Doll *

LVL: 25

EXP: -/-

Title: -/-

Class: Summon

HP:38000/38000

Stamina: 38000/38000

Mana: 38000/38000

Strength: 38000

Endurance: 38000

Intelligence: 38000

Dexterity: 38000

*Charisma: 12 *

Wisdom: 38000

/A Witch Doll with the Unique Stat Charisma...that's got to be the worst
setup ever. He can't even talk. /

He was happy though that the Witch Doll understood what was needed to
do. It had the Divine Archer and the Angelic Knight hold back while
attacking, only allowing them to use their basic attacks to confront
Drairgun. Kami felt it would still have been faster letting both of them
attack but he got the job done either way.

Drairgun pulled the arrow from his sides as he panted heavily.

"Why so satisfied Hero Kami? You are underestimating me, I had hoped
there was no need for this but I must admit, this spar of ours has
rekindled a flame for combat I had long lost. I wish nothing more now
than to show you the limits of mortality."

As he spoke Drairgun reached to the sides of armor and pulled on the
straps that held his armor in place.

Even as it loosened up a bit Kami felt the sudden increase in power.

He was surprised at how much stronger he got just from simply doing that.

/Is that some sort of weight training gear and now he's going to go
Beast Mode on me or something? Doesn't matter all I care is that I get
to see his face now, I'm pretty sure! How does he eat?! How does he
drink stuff! I bet he does it while hiding in his own room and walks
around like that to look cool. I got you now Drairgun! /

"We can go full out, no need to restrict ourselves."

There was a sudden scream from the audience as the crowd began panicking.

Kami and Drairgun looked towards the crowd now distracted by the noise
and saw what looked like people being attacked by some unknown enemy.

They were chasing after the innocent bystanders and throwing them onto
the ground.

Kami tried to understand what was happening. He hadn't noticed when all
these enemies had appeared which meant they had been waiting, hiding
somewhere in the Colosseum.

Drairgun tighten the strap on his armor as he looked at Kami and spoke.

"Our match will have to wait; these fiendish creatures must be taken
care of first."

"Wait what are they?!"

Drairgun took off as he yelled back at him.

"Vampires."

