
/Vampires in the middle of the day. Alright well it seems it's not your
'it burns!' heliophobia kind of vampires. There's so many kinds and they
have such a variety of weaknesses. Wonder what's the best way to take
them out. /

Drairgun seemed to understand what questions Kami had as he leaped into
the stands with his sword out only to drive his sword through the back
of a vampire that was unaware of his arrival.

The vampire let out a screech as it attempted to free itself only to
twitch around for a bit before finally succumbing to the pain and
growing limbless. The blood that had gushed out from the initial stab
ceased as Drairgun pulled his sword out and ran up towards another one.

/Okay so...mindless acts of violence work on them, got it. /

There were at least a hundred of them running around trying to catch the
panicking crowd. It would take a bit more than just running up to one at
a time to get them all in time before they managed to hurt anyone else.
He would need to strike them all down as fast as possible.

King Horas raised himself from his seat in a fit of rage and yelled out
at the guards who were on standby.

"Go! Make sure the people leave here safely! Stop those undead creatures
from advancing any further."

"Y-your majesty but what about you?"

"Tch, are you questioning me? We're probably the safest out of everyone
here, now go!" he glanced back at Himari and Doryu who were now in high
alert.

The guards hearing his orders immediately took off without a single
hesitation.

Himari looked around trying to catch exactly where Kami had gone. If he
needed her she would have to be ready to be called forth any second now.

Doryu on the other hand knew his priorities. He would defend the King
with his life if he had to as his master, Drairgun, would want him to.
There was no need for him to interfere if he was going to take down
those creatures.

Kami, who had stood around long enough observing the situation, turned
his head around at the idle summoning's who had been standing still ever
since the vampires attacked. He nodded his head at the Divine Archer as
it pulled back on the bow.

In an instant he released his attack as the one arrow split into a
multitude of shots. They easily flew past the barrier that had been
keeping attacks from going into the stands and in a blink of an eye
killed a number of vampires that had no time to react.

The Divine Archer turned his attention to another part of the Colosseum
and repeated his attack, every time killing another large quantity of
vampires with precise aiming that left little room to react. It made
sure to easily hit every single one of its targets without a single
casualty.

In a matter of seconds, the panicking crowd grew steady as the vampire's
dropped dead across the Colosseum. Everyone grew relieved at the sight
of the Divine Archer defending them. Just like that the attack that was
taking place in the Colosseum came to a quick end.

Drairgun who drew his sword from the corpse of a vampire turned his
attention to Kami and nodded his head.

There was a small moment of celebration before abrupt noises from
outside the Colosseum began filling the air.

It sounded like the attack were not only limited to the Colosseum, but
also across the city itself.

Drairgun didn't wait a single second as he took off towards the nearest
exit disappearing in a blink of an eye.

King Horas yelled out in a strong and confident manner.

"Close the gates to the Colosseum! Remain here and make sure the people
stay safe! Do not allow anyone outside these walls! Help any civilians
who you see approaching but be wary that they have not been infected or
are enemies in disguise!"

The soldiers who had barely managed to make a move while the Divine
Archer had finished off the vampires reacted swiftly as they headed
towards all the exits they could find.

He turned his attention to Doryu and spoke in a low tone.

"I shall leave you in charge of this area. Scout the buildings around
the Colosseum and clear them of any enemies, find any survivors and
bring them here."

Doryu gave a quick glance at Himari and nodded his head.

"As you wish your majesty."

King Horas took a look at Himari and hesitated for a second.

"I'll help, tell me what to do." she said anxiously.

King Horas continued to hesitate. He wasn't sure if it would be alright
to not only give orders to a Hero's Apprentice from another nation, but
a God's Apprentice.

Prince Mesfrit sensing the situation stepped up and spoke.

"Could you bring Hero Kami and let him know we wish to speak with him.
We request his aid in this situation."

She nodded her head as she jumped onto the stand and jumped down in one
quick motion.

King Horas closed his eyes and sighed. He was sure that their own Hero
would be more than enough to clear whatever was going on here but any
help would be appreciated. He saw how Kami's creatures had defeated the
large number of vampires. Having that sort of strength backing you up
would make dealing with this situation most easy.

Kami was taking a close look at one of the corpses that laid on the
ground. He ignored the stares of the people who seemed to want his
attention as he turned the body face up.

/It is humanoid but I get the feeling they were more monster than
anything. Is this what a vampire devolves into in this world or is it a
sub species of Vampires? Drairgun went off before I could ask him
anything, he probably knows more about them than I do. /

Himari floated down next to him and spoke in a rush.

"Mister Kami, King Horas and Prince Mesfrit want to talk to you. They
want to ask for your help."

Kami looked up at the stand in which King Horas and Prince Mesfrit stood
as they locked eyes. He simply gave a thumbs up and started walking off
towards the exit.

"M-mister Kami, wait, are you not going to talk to them?" she asked
walking close behind in a hurry.

"What for? They're probably just going to ask me to help them eliminate
the vampires attacking the city. A bit strange though, this was a bit
too sudden. Where did they come from anyway?"

Kami pondered the situation as they slowly made their way out of the
Colosseum.

There were a few soldiers already lying in wait as they noticed Kami
approaching them. They looked surprised only to move out of his way when
he got closer.

Although their order had been to stop anyone who tried to leave there
was no way they were about to oppose a God. They simply lowered their
heads and remained still as he walked off.

Himari followed closely behind him as she looked around the now exposed
city.

It seemed as though the buildings had remained intact with no damage,
however from the distance you could hear the sounds of screams and
attacks being thrown back and forth. The people of the city looked to be
fighting back on the attack but left a lot of the more inhabited streets
empty almost instantly.

"How long ago did the attack start? Was it happening already before the
vampires hit the Colosseum? Ah this is strange indeed."

"Mister Kami what should I do to help?"

Kami stared down at Himari and smiled as he thought up of a plan.

"I'm going to go look for Drairgun, he might have some information about
the current situation. You should go around the city trying to help
anyone who needs it. I left my summoning's along with the King and
Prince. They should be able to give them commands now as they wish, the
Witch Doll should let them know."

"B-but when did you-"

Himari grew silent as she shook her head and gave him a confident stare.

"I'll do just that!"

"Wait before you go, this is probably something you should have."

Kami reached towards her forehead with his forefinger and middle finger
and gently tapped it as a small sparkle of light illuminated on contact.

She slight flushed and blinked in confusion before starring aimlessly in
front of her for a bit. Himari eventually smiled brightly and looked
excited about something.

"I won't let you down Kami!"

She levitated off the ground and flew away as Kami stared at her
dissapear into the distance.

"Ah, make your mind up already, is it Kami or Mister Kami."

He shrugged as he walked off towards an empty street, determined to find
the Draconian Hero who had taken off without warning.

