
"Hell yeah, this is what I'm talking about!"

Hiromichi held onto a dark figure resembling a small wolf.

The wolf-like being growled furiously at him as it struggled to break
free from his grip.

"Hyah!"

He smashed the creature against the ground as it let out a small whimper
before disappearing into the ground.

"These things are much weaker during the day, tch, I was expecting
an-all-out brawl at this point!"

He raised his fists and let out a howl onto the air.

"Ku, you really are an animal!" Thief exclaimed as she threw a pair of
daggers into the shadows.

There was another whimpering noise followed by another pair of dark
silhouette's vanishing from sight.

Ever since last night there had been an attack by a large force of dark
creatures that over ran the city with large numbers. Luckily the forces
around the wall had been fortified ever since the events that transpired
so there had been enough time to warn the people inside before the
monsters finally managed to make it in.

The adventurers had once again mobilized against another force of
monsters that were attacking the city.

The king's forces had taken to protecting the castle mostly but a branch
of their military had stayed within the city in an attempt to help out
as much as possible.

During the night, these creatures had been hard to spot considering
their dark appearance. The only thing that stuck out was there glowing
red eyes but even so keeping a fight with an enemy that is mostly
invisible to your sight grew tiresome.

Now that daylight had come in it was much easier to spot them and at the
same time the creatures strength seemed to have waned.

Hiromichi, and Sebastien had stayed around the bar trying to protect the
general area and keep their heads low. Unfortunately, Sayu seemed out
cold and no matter how hard they had tried to wake her up she remained
so. Thief on the other hand seemed to have recovered in a short time.

"This could be much easier if Sayu was with us, ku ku."

"Heh! Forget her we got this shit! I have to say it was all about Kami
and her carrying out weight around this whole time, figures it's time
for me to shine and show some of my strength around!" replied Hiromichi
feeling content.

From what they could tell the enemies forces didn't seem to be dropping
at all. They seem to be barraging them with nonstop attacks, more than
likely trying to drain out the forces in the city with overwhelming
numbers.

"We can't move out too far though unless we want to leave the people and
Sayu at the bar defenseless. We have to stay on guard for now."
continued Hiromichi in a more serious manner.

Thief let out a sigh as she raised her own personal daggers.

"Meeting him was supposed to be my Luck working for me, how come I feel
overwhelmingly jinxed as of lately, ku ku..."

"It must have been your Luck madame Thief, otherwise you would have not
meet muah!" yelled out a confident Sebastien from one of the rooftops
nearby.

He had been listening in to their conversation while he was supposed to
be scouting the area for more enemies.

Thief's expression grew cold and distant at hearing those words and
murmured.

"My Luck stat is nothing but a lie..."

"Hey, you two focus! Don't forget we're still in high alert. Let's get
this dam place cleared up again so we can go back!"

Thief and Sebastien nodded their heads in agreement before mobilizing
once more.

They were checking the perimeter every so often to see if any more
enemies had appeared. So far, they had come across a few monsters but
nothing too hard that they couldn't handle. These creatures were more
than likely some low-tier summons someone was using. They were nothing
special to deal with and Hiromichi was more than happy to show off the
difference in strength.

"Sebastien, can the troops still not make it past the walls to make
communication with anyone?" asked Hiromichi keeping an eye out for
anything moving in his line of sight.

"I'm afraid not. Ze enemy is intending for us to stay here without
access to ze outside. I've abandoned my post within the castle walls
just to help out. Looks like there is no end to these creatures."

"Tch, can't the military force of ANY nation do anything. Dam, always
lacking in man power!"

"You speak from experience, no? As the former knight from the fallen
kingdom-"

Sebastien suddenly turned his attention elsewhere as he froze in place.

Thief and Hiromichi followed short, pearking their ears towards any
sound they could hear.

There was a swift banging noise where Sebastien stood as he was sent
flying into the ground, the wind knocked out of him.

Hiromichi was barely able to react to the blurry figure. He raised his
hands up to his face and was thrown back into the air in one quick strike.

He crashed against the wall of a building only to roll onto the ground.

"S-shit what the hell was that!"

Thief on the other hand had her eyes on wide alert as she followed what
looked like a shadow figured that moved across the walls. Her reaction
towards the creature was much faster as she barely managed to move out
of the way of the incoming monster only leaving a scratch through her
clothing.

"W-whatever it is, it moves fast!"

Hiromichi stood up as he took out a scroll and opened it. There was a
sudden puff of smoke as a pack of Giant Wolves appeared from thin air.

The wolves let out a menacing growl as they felt the presence of the
creature moving around them.

"This thing moves through the shadows and walls, we have to lure it out
Thief don't let your guard down."

"Ku, like I needed you to tell me that."

As she raised her daggers a large dark blade like object penetrated the
side of her ribs. She looked back slowly at the creature who had glowing
red eyes and a wicked grin with sharp teeth.

"Dammit, Thief!"

Hiromichi tried to run up to her but a second shadow with a similar
appearance sprung forth from the wall and lunged his blade-like arm at him.

One of the wolves reacted in time as it placed itself in front of
Hiromichi only to be instantly cut down in half.

"S-shit!" he spoke running past the monster who now turned its attention
to the remaining wolves that were now attempting to strike it down.

He raised his arms and clenched his fists as he got close towards the
monster.

It clung onto Thief who still seemed shocked from its surprise attack
raising its other arm into the air. It planned to cut Thief down now
that he had her in its grasp.

"Hell I'm going to let you do that, Force Jab!"

His fist landed on the unexpected creature's face as it was thrown back.
The blade like arm morphed losing its edge, freeing Thief from its grasp.

She stumbled a bit before looking at Hiromichi and sneering.

"Ku...would you look at that...I have no Luck today..."

Hiromichi managed to catch her before she fell all the way through.

"H-hey Thief don't go out on me right now this shits not done!"

"I-I'm fine just...give me some time to close my eyes..."

She closed her eyes as the blood began smearing onto his clothing. He
shook her feeling a bit panicked.

Her wound had been clean and it did not look like it would cause her to
die. However, if left unattended she would lose too much blood.

"Where's a dam healer when you need one,s-shit!"

Hiromichi looked around and tried dragging a now limbless Thief towards
an alley.

The monster who had been flung across the ground made a recovery
blending back into the shadows.

"Not good, dam it, Sebastien get your act together man I need you!"

Sebastien who had been laying on the ground this whole time barely
managed to lift his hand and spoke.

"Tu me gonfles..."

"Just shut up and stand!" he replied to Sebastien.

Hiromichi had no idea what he said and by the looks of it he seemed
unable to move. Whatever attack had hit him did enough damage to make
him unable to fight.

He glanced towards his wolves who had been keeping the second monster
busy only to have his stomach turn at the sight of his own monsters'
corpses stacked. It appeared the creature had made quick work of his
beasts and was now back in the shadows.

"Well isn't this just great. I have to drag your ass to safety and lover
boy over there looks lost!"

Hiromichi kept looking around  for any signs of the monsters that had
attacked them. He lowered Thief gently onto the ground and scanned the
area. It was too quiet considering they were probably nearby and he had
no intention of feeling relieved that they were nowhere in sight now.

"Those bastards are probably toying with me now, have to get my shit
together I got this..." Hiromichi told himself.

In truth he had no idea what he was dealing with. Whatever these
monsters were this was the first time he had seen or dealt with them.
The monsters had taken them by surprise and now he was in a
disadvantage. If they were capable of putting Sebastien and Thief out of
commission in just a few seconds, the chances of him coming out on top
now were slim.

From the front he noticed a shadow moving swiftly across the ground.

He raised his fists and let out a howling roar. This was to instill
confidence in himself and show that he wasn't about to back down.

The monster leaped forward from the ground, again, holding its long thin
blade-like arms up preparing to strike Hiromichi down.

"Come at me you bastard!" Hiromichi yelled out as he swung his fist.

It was a brief second but he managed to see the second shadow, over him
as well,in the air from behind him.

The two creatures had decided to pincer him down, so even if he managed
to stop ones attack the other would succeed in cutting him down.

/"D-dam, guess this is it...might as well try to kill one of them!"/ he
thought to himself

His fists began glowing as it made contact with the shadows face once
more, catching it by surprise and throwing it back.

In the midst of that a third shadow appeared over him. It was a man
wielding a sword and shield as he knocked the second shadow back with a
forced body slam.

The two shadows , their attack once again thwarted, shook it off and
disappeared into the ground.

Hiromichi panted and was relief to see someone show up at the last
second to save him. He turned his attention towards the new figure that
stood back to back with him.

"Dam, you got here just in time dude. I thought I was a goner for sure!
What should I call you stranger?"

The man simply raised his sword and shield once more as the light of the
sun gleamed against his armor.

"They call me Arluin, the Hero of Tyr."

