
"T-the what now?" asked Hiromishi taken a back.

Alruin placed his hand onto the ground, completely ignoring Hiromichi
and spoke in a calm demeanor.

"*Illuminance*."

His hand began glowing as the source of splendor began covering the
entire area around them.

It wasn't long before there was a screeching from the sides as the two
shadow figures now forced into being exposed jumped out from the ground
and twitched around.

Alruin swiftly drew on his sword and ran up to the dazed monsters. His
hand still gleaming with the source of light to keep the shadow
creatures completely stunned.

"Creatures of darkness, be cleansed by the sword of the divine Gods,
*Holy Sweep*!"

His sword turned into a blade of light as he swung across the creatures.
They let out another screech before completely vanishing.

The light dimmed as Alruin placed his sword on his side and turned
around to face Hiromichi.

Hiromichi stood dumbfounded as to how easily he had handled the
situation. He had intended this to be an all-out brawl now that Alruin
had showed up but instead, Alruin had taken care of them like they were
your average creatures in the woods.

"There's a Shadow Manipulator somewhere in this city summoning these
creatures. Creatures of this level of strength are easy to deal with if
you have strong sources of light." he spoke walking up to Hiromichi.

He looked down at the unconscious Thief and glanced towards Sebastien
who was still lying on the ground.

"I got here just in time by the looks of it."

He removed his helmet revealing a blond young man, probably in his early
twenties. His sharp brown eyes although mature and alert, had a kindle
of kindness. He swept his hair back and gave Hiromichi a pleasant smile.
He rubbed his forehead cleaning himself from any sweat and spoke.

"Your friends look injured, perhaps we should take them somewhere safe.
The girl especially looks like she's in some pain."

Hiromichi looked back down at where Thief was as she mumbled in her
unconscious state. Her wound still visible and the blood showing no
signs of slowing down.

"Mmm...just give me more... more... Kami... alcohol... nyaaahh..."

/"She's practically dying and all she can think about is drinking?!"/
Hiromichi thought, his blood boiling in anger.

"Tch, yeah we were checking out the perimeter near this area along with
these two light weights when does dam creatures attacked. Could really
use your help here buddy." Hiromichi spoke as he gently lifted Thief and
placed her on his back.

Alruin nodded his head, putting his helmet on once more and walking
towards Sebastien.

"Oho...monsieur, please watch your mouth..." Sebastien mumbled in a
delusional state.

Alruin reached for his shoulder and lifted him gently.

Sebastien looked like he was fine, besides a few bruises and a potential
head injury. Outside that there were no signs of any life threatening
damage.

"Lead the way back...I'm sorry what was your name."

"Hiromichi, the Wild Beast Tamer of the North." he replied with a grin
on his face.

He half expected Alruin to react in some way or form, after all he had a
reputation within the human kingdoms. However, he simply nodded his head
and continued to look at him.

"A-alright then. So, did I hear you right? The Hero of Tyr... that can't
be right."Hiromichi quickly changed the subject.

"Why so?" asked Alruin curiously.

"I... well I guess I don't have any proof exactly but a pal of mines has
been going around doing all this Hero stuff, he's the one people been
calling the Hero of Tyr."

The warrior in front of him grew silent for a while. His expression
hidden behind his helmet made it hard for Hiromichi to see what he was
thinking.

"Would his name happen to be Kami by any chance?"

"Yeah, that's the bastard alright. Guessing you heard of him, right?"
replied Hiromichi.

He began walking towards the direction of the bar. It wasn't too far off
from where they were but considering they were carrying two people it
was slowing them down a bit.

"Yes. I had reached a small village by the name of Itsu. There I talked
to a few of the denizens who spoke of a man they claimed to be the Hero
of Tyr as well. I had to say I was a bit confused at first. Goddess
Iatra had brought me forth and had told me my first stop would be that
village... is this some sort of elaborate ploy by the Gods..."

Alruin thoughts seemed to wander off.

"What the hell does that mean?" asked Hiromichi

"I'm not sure, its all very strange. I woke from what feels like an
endless slumber. A Goddess by the name Iatra claimed she was summoning
me forth to bring peace to the land. She said my first companions would
be found in that village but... instead I found that this Hero Kami had
already come through...."

"Y-you sure don't spare any words do you? Look I don't get this whole
stupid business with the Gods but I can tell you one thing, Kami's been
doing all sorts of Heroic acts since I met him, including sparing my
life. If you are the Hero of Tyr and you go around telling people that
around these parts no one is going to believe you. I would keep my mouth
shut about it."

"I-is that so...thank you for the advice. However, I am here by the will
of the Gods...I only wish she would answer me in this time of confusion."

"Tch, let me tell you something about the Gods! All they care about is
their dam thrones and shit. We're just in the middle of their crappy
war. This whole shit is because of them!" yelled out Hiromichi.

"Are you saying this is an attack made by those from the Otherworld?"

"W-well I have no proof of that either...but who else could it be, this
whole monster business has always been their fault. Let's just get back
for now. I want to drop these two off and check on someone. Then get
back in the battlefield!" he grinned enthusiastically.

The Hero of Tyr grew silent as they walked forward in small paces.

He had so many questions about what was happening. It had only been a
small amount of time that he had awoken to this world yet again. From
what he could see, this was much further into the future than he
remembered. The small information that he had gathered let him know that
things had drastically changed in the land of Tyr since he had last
stepped on this ground.

For starters, he did remember a Goddess by the name Iatra, but during
his time she had simply been a God who inhabited the land of Tyr and
tried to protect the people with her limited power. Now she had claim to
the throne of Celestia, which also confused him.

From what he could remember, Otherworld had been one entire realm with
only one throne. During the last off his days, he knew there was a God
who had rebelled against the ruler of Otherworld at the time. His memory
got a bit fuzzy the more he thought about it but one thing he knew for
sure, Celestia and the Abyss were not two separate kingdoms within the
Otherworld back then as they are now.

"If I may ask...the Grand Heroes, what happened to them?" Alruin spoke
up breaking the silence filling the air.

"The Grand Heroes? They're just some myths, a tale from centuries
ago,right? The hell question is that? Guess if the stories are
true...two of them should be dead and the Elven Grand Hero should be
retired somewhere in the Elven Kingdom. Doubt its true though, no one's
seen a glimpse of someone that powerful running around in those parts!"

Alruin let out a sigh as he thought back. His memories seemed fragmented
the more he tried to see. The Grand Heroes had been his mentors at a
time. They had tried to teach him everything they knew when he had been
trying to achieve Hero status. It looked to him like people forgot that
they were real at some point and now he stood hundreds of years in the
future, alive somehow.

"What's with the weird question there? Don't want to be rude but I
seriously doubt you could even call yourself the Hero of Tyr. That was
some strong moves you got there I'll give you that but my friend here
would kick your ass faster than you could pull that sword. How about you
let him handle the situation...when he gets back..." Hiromichi mumbled
the last bit of information.

Alruin nodded his head as they continued walking.

This era confused him more than anything. Why was he here? Who was this
Hero Kami, and why did everyone think of him as the Hero of Tyr? What
where the Gods of this realm, Celestia, playing at?

"I wish to assist then, in whatever way possible."

Hiromichi grinned and let out an intense laugh.

"If you wanna help there's someone I would love for you to try and wake
up. If we can get her up and running this shit will be an easy situation
to deal with! We won't even need Kami this time around!"

Alruin's confusion rose once more as they slowly approached the bar.

