
The bar was quiet as Hiromichi and Alruin made their way inside. It
wasn't so because they were in fear of the monsters outside as that
there were only a few people in there. Most of them seemed to be at
peace, even a few having a drink or two as if waiting out the monster's
attack like some bad weather.

When they saw Hiromichi entering the bar though, there was a bit of an
unsettlement in their hearts. They immediately noticed Thief and
Sebastien being carried by the two of them, something they had not
expected.

"What happened?" question one person sitting next to the entrance.

Their eyes seemed a panicked at the sight of this. They had been
depending on Hiromichi and the others to keep them safe, with two of
them down now, fear started rearing its ugly face.

"Tch, relax. There were some unexpected circumstances or something.
Someone get something for her wound come on, move it!" barked Hiromichi.

There was a moment were they lacked a reaction. The bartender nodded his
head and ran to the back room to look for anything that would help.

"Is there no one with a Healing skill that could help here?" Alruin
spoke in the moment of fear.

Everyone's eyes turned to him now. His presence had been overshadowed by
the current situation but seeing someone else of his stature here
brought some relief. He looked like a proper warrior more than capable
of handling himself and more importantly to them, keeping people safe.

"Heh, there possibly is." Hiromichi grinned as he nudged towards a
corner of a bar.

Alruin looked towards the direction in which he was pointing at as his
heart skipped a beat. Even knowing that she was unconsciously lying on
the table with a most undignified position, she looked like no beauty
before her. Alruin wanted nothing more than to make sure this woman was
okay but controlled himself.

He gently placed Sebastien in a chair close to him and tried giving him
a light shake.

"No good, he's out cold. I don't think he's gravely injured at all."

"Forget that guy. He was our eyes and got himself in that position
because he can't stop yapping. Thief's a bit more important right now."
replied Hiromichi placing Thief down as well.

Hiromichi felt her forehead only to have shivers sent down his spine.
She was beginning to feel awfully cold, something that he was hoping
would not be the case.

"Come seriously get a move on we need some potions or something don't
you guys carry anything?!" he yelled out at the rest of the bar.

Everyone just shrunk and avoided his gaze. None of them were
adventurer's, just simple citizens of the city of Alzel who had come to
have a good time when disaster struck. The fact that they carried
nothing on them for such an occasion was no surprise.

Hiromichi sighed and walked up to the unconscious Sayu giving her a few
hard shakes. A minute passed and there was no reaction from her whatsoever.

"Come on you, wake up and help! Why are you being so dam useless!?"

Sayu remained asleep unaffected by his shaking and yelling. It looked
more like she was in a deep trance-like sleep at this point than anything.

"If Kami we-"

Sayu's reaction was instant as her eyes flickered open. She sat up and
looked around in a dazed manner before turning her attention to Hiromichi.

"Y- I heard Kami's... what's going on...?" she asked.

She yawned, her sleep returning back to her now that she saw Kami was
nowhere in sight. Sayu was contemplating going back to sleep but she
immediately realized there was something wrong about this situation.

"That's all we had to do to get you up? Say Kami's name, s-shit you are
obsessed. Never mind that now, look, Thief's wounded we need you to heal
her!"

Sayu yawned once more as her head hit the table.

"Done..."

"W-what do you mean done! S-"

Hiromichi glanced at Thief only to notice her wound had completely
healed. He was surprised but decided not to question it too much. Kami
and Sayu were definitely two people he was getting used to doing things
he couldn't understand.

Alruin on the other hand who was still new to this felt a shiver. A
being who could do something like that as though you were asking them to
pass over a plate. This was instantaneous with so signs of any ability
being activated or even a flashy effect. It just healed as though it was
never there to begin with.

"How did you-" spoke Alruin before being interrupted by Hiromichi

"H-hey don't go back to sleep we need you! Come on, stand up already!"

"I'm up don't yell at me..."

Sayu raised her head and looked around the bar in a drowsy manner. She
didn't understand what was happening with her. This feeling of tiredness
and her desire to close her eyes and drift back into sleep. Was this an
effect of Kami removing all divinity from her. Did she need to sleep now
as much as any other mortal in front of her. If this was true, she had
over extended her schedule and it would explain why she still felt tired.

"How long can humans go on without sleep..." she yawned.

"The hell are you talking about? Look there's some monster attacking the
city, with Sebastien and Thief out of it we're gonna need your man
power! Let's go sleeping beauty!"

She stared in confusion before the information finally hit her brain. It
was like a jolt of energy that struck her as she stood up from her chair
and looked around.

"T-the city is under attack? When did this happen?"

"While you were napping there princess! It's alright now though, we got
our secret weapon going for us!"

Hiromichi turned his attention to Alruin who had been standing there,
motionless this whole time.

"Alright come here should at least get introductions out of the way.
This is Sayu, Sayu this here is Alruin the Hero o-err, he's a Hero."

The rest of the people who had been hearing in on the conversation let
out an astonished gasp. Having one Hero show up was already something
incredible, but two of the now running around was something unexpected.

"It's a pleasure to meet you." Alruin said giving a light bow.

Sayu on the other hand looked to be paying little attention as she
simply let out a mumbling sound and turned her eyes towards a window
near them.

"How long ago did the attack commence?" she asked.

"Nearly ten or so hours ago. We tried getting you up but you wouldn't
budge! You're a heavy sleeper you know that, shesh! I get you were drunk
but even Thief was good to go in a few hours!"

Sayu seemed to grow a bit flustered but ignored his comment.

"What's the plan then? We have to find Kami and-"

"Tch why do we need to do that? We got you right? You pack a hell of a
punch from what I can remember from the Dungeon. Now we just need to go
out there and beat up whatever's bringing all those monsters out."

Sayu looked over at Hiromichi not understanding the full situation.

He, in response, glanced over at Alruin and nodded his head letting him
know he should catch Sayu up on what's been going on.

"Right. This is more than likely the cause of a Shadow Manipulator. They
usually stay hidden while they bring forth these creatures. The more
they summon though the less strong these creatures are. This would
account for the lack of strength in any of those you've fought so far.
However, if we leave them to go about, soon their strength won't matter.
They'll wither down any forces inside this city until they can eliminate
anyone they consider a threat." spoke Alruin.

"Tch, alright so where do get started Hero?!"

"They have to stay within a certain distance to maintain these monsters
up. Considering they are all across the city I would have to say they
are located somewhere near the center." replied Alruin.

"That's where the castle is? Most of the cities forces are located there
right now, could they really be there?" asked Hiromichi doubting his words.

"I can't say for sure. Shadow Manipulators have a certain extent in
which they can use these creatures. The stronger they are the further
the area grows. It is possible that they are outside the city walls but
this would mean this Shadow Manipulator would be stronger than I thought."

"Tch, so where to first?"

"We should check out the castle. The enemy has a tight border around the
city which would make it harder for us to exit, even if just to check it
out. If we see everything is fine once we reach the castle, we should
turn our attention to the outside."

"Alright sounds like a plan to me then! Sayu you ready!?"

Sayu who had been closely paying attention this time around nodded her
head. She wasn't sure what to do in this scenario so leaving this man in
charge for now was the best solution. If she felt there was a need to,
she would step in and take over.

"Alright then, lets head on out! You guys! Better lock this place up
nice and tight, keep these two idiots protected while we go and save
some asses!"

