
Sayu raised her hand towards the gathering of shadow creatures that
surrounded them.

"Existence which serves darkness only cowers in the presence of his
holiest presence, *Searing Geyser*!"

A blaze of fire erupted from the ground as the monsters vanished in the
midst of the attack. Their agony was heard only for a second before
completely growing silent behind the scorching sound of the flames they
were engulfed in.

Alruin and Hiromichi stared at the beautiful yet dangerous display
around them before the flames stopped devouring the ground and anything
standing on it.

Hiromichi gently tapped Alruin's armor snapping him out of his trance
like state.

"See that shit, that's wild right?" he whispered.

He wasn't sure how to respond. The moves and the style in which she
fought was almost Godlike. Her presence perspired greatness and
authority as though she was more than just human. In truth, everything
about her was bewitching to him since he first laid eyes on her. Even
though her demeanor had been less that admirable when he saw her, he
still found every detail of hers delightful. Her strength now that she
demonstrated was almost like a show in which he indulged in.

"Hey you alright there Hero, snap out of it, shesh."

Hiromichi's words brought him back once more from his trance. So easy it
was too fall into it, how was Hiromichi resisting the urge to awe and
marble this whole time.

Alruin cleared his throat before turning his attention away from Sayu.
He couldn't afford to fixate himself right now there was a more urgent
matter in their hands.

"It sure made it easier, although a skill of that level should have cost
you some resources, are you sure it's fine using it so freely?"

Sayu looked back with a straight face and simply sighed.

"Such a small display wows the little creations. Don't worry, I can do a
lot more than that. Besides it's much easier to clear as fast as possible."

"Tch, egotistical little- come on don't let her get you down let's go!"

Alruin nodded his head as he contemplated her words. This was perhaps a
simple act for her. Had he needlessly underestimated her by saying this
was more than she was capable of handling? If so, he has started off in
the wrong foot. A knot tied in his throat as he pondered how to set
things right.

The area around them had scorch marks but no enemies in sight. They had
been surrounded by at least a hundred of those shadow creatures as they
approached the castle, some even the same ones that had managed to down
Thief and Sebastien earlier. Despite that, before they even begun the
fight Sayu took the lead and instantly wiped any opposition with one
simple move.

"Who exactly did you say she was again?" asked Alruin curiously but calmly.

He didn't want to seem to forward with his question. Perhaps getting to
know of the people who surrounded her first would be a way to alleviate
his current troubles. He frowned inside his helmet almost as soon as his
mind wandered into this idea. Their focus should be stopping the Shadow
Manipulator, not trying to make friendly ties with Sayu and her comrades.

Hiromichi seemingly oblivious to anything going on in the Heroes mind
answered in a low tone so Sayu would be incapable of listening in.

"To be honest with you, I know just as much about her background as I do
Kami's. She's more of an acquaintance of his and I just stick with her
cause... well Kami's kinda...y-you know what that's not important!
Anyway, if you're looking for anything specific, I would ask her
directly or Kami if you get to meet him. They don't seem to talk about
themselves enough and that's kinda cool on my book."

"Hm, very well then, it's always wise to know of your allies first hand."

He told Hiromichi and himself this excuse. He had to clear his mind and
focus on the mission ahead.

They continued to walk with no signs of life anywhere around them. Any
citizens who were in this area were more than likely locked up in their
homes, or had evacuated towards the designated locations the city had in
place for situations like this.

Alruin was a bit perplexed at the idea of having Sayu take the front
line. Not because of his recent strange new fascination with her but
because despite seeing her strength he was sure that he was must more
capable of handling these situations himself. He wasn't trying to
undermine her own strength but seeing his own stats he was sure that the
one who should he spearing this group and handle the first wave of
attacks should be him.

*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Alruin *

LVL: 65

EXP: 21/186000

Title: /Hero of Tyr/ Forgotten Hero /

Class: Champion/ Hero

HP: 31896/31896

Stamina: 33041/33041

Mana: 32475/32475

Strength: 33507

Endurance: 32949

Intelligence: 32863

Dexterity: 32993

Charisma: 32617

Wisdom: 33867

He saw his stats and looked up trying to remember anything from before
he was suddenly brought to this time. Alruin felt as though his power
had dwindled somehow, but even so he knew that he was more than a match
for anything standing on his way at this point. Seeing Sayu's or
Hiromichi's stats would be impossible considering he never learned a
Data skill. Instead, he somewhat had a feel and measurement to their
strengths by observing the impact of their skills on enemies.

Hiromichi was strong enough to keep his ground against more basic
enemies, even those a little above that. His use should be limited to
any mobs of monsters that come their way. He could perhaps handle a
monster or two outside his league if he had something up his sleeve but
that's as much as he would be able to push.

Sayu on the other hand seemed a lot stronger. The fact that she was able
to one shot these creatures was indeed a sign of her power. Despite
that, he could tell that her strength was somewhat underwhelming to his
yet, in its purest form it seemed more efficient. It could be her skills
were more leveled up or potentially maxed out.

A skill that is leveled up or maxed out has its strength increased by a
few degrees. Even if a lower level person uses it against a creature or
person of higher level, there is a potential chance to damage then. Not
to say Sayu's skills would be able to kill him but if anything, he might
end up with a burn or two. Their power difference was still great but
something at the back of his mind told him sooner or later she would
easily out class him.

He sighed and maintained his position. There was no need to fret anyway,
there would have to be an awfully powerful being here to match his own
strength at this point so there was no need for him to worry too much.

"Hey we're almost there! Is it weird we haven't caught signs of any of
the knights yet?" questioned Hiromichi.

"Not entirely. If they did retreat to protect the castle the main forces
would be a lot closer to the entrances. Not to mention they would also
mostly be located within the castle itself. We should still be wary
though." replied Alruin.

"Yes, of course do be wary of incoming enemies." a voice ever so elegant
spoke from behind.

They froze quickly turning their attention towards the voice coming from
behind.

It was the man in a mask standing without having made a sudden noise
behind Alruin and Hiromichi.

The masked man had his hand towards Alruin's face. There was a sudden
blast of air that flung him backwards. The sound that came afterwards
was of his body crashing against a building.

The speed in which he was thrown was so quick that Hiromichi and Sayu
barely had a chance to realize what had just happened.

Hiromichi lifted his arm only to have it grabbed rapidly by the man.

"I was not expecting that man here. How inconvenient for him. Orders are
orders, no killing the Heroes just yet, you two though, not so lucky."

"L-let go you bastar-agh!" Hiromichi's voice faltered as he dropped to
his knees in pain.

The masked man grip tighten around his arm as the sound of crushing
bones could be heard.

"How tragic, your Hero Kami is nowhere to save you this time, not like
it matters, he won't be getting his way this time around. We just can't
afford him to be here to stop our plans again, although if he were, I
would be forced to restrict him this time. We can't afford to let this
city go back under Iatra's rule."

"M-monologue some more you piece of shit!" replied Hiromichi as the pain
from his arm being crushed spread throughout his body.

Sayu had heard enough, she lifted her arm as she sped her way towards
the masked man. A sword covered in flames drew itself from thin air
illuminating the area with the intensity of its heat.

She swung it as carefully and precise as she could, making sure it would
only hit the man who held onto Hiromichi.

It was pointless, as he simple swatted her sword away sending her
stumbling in a state of confusion.

"W-what?"

She genuinely felt surprised at how easily her swing had been stopped. A
lot of her power was missing, she knew this, but she had felt herself
become stronger in this world, so it came to her as a shock that there
was someone who could do this so easily. Even the Centaur would have had
tried to block or dodge it. He just swatted it away like a fly.

"You were the one who killed that monster in the Dungeon if I'm correct.
Kudos to you dear I was expecting a complete slaughter."

Hiromichi reached into his pockets only to pull a scroll out.

There was a smoke that covered the area as a few Giant Feral Wolves
appeared around him.

"Oh? You are...the Wild Beast Tamer of the North of course. It surprises
me how you can look at me with such an expression when we worked
together for a while there. I was surprise to see you alive when the
Hero Kami brought you in. Dogs like you end up dead under the service of
the God of Calamity."

"Tch, shut up!" Hiromichi yelled out clenching his free hand into a fist.

He clung onto the man's arms with the very same hand that was holding
his own. Although it was a pain to move his already restricted arm that
was being crushed, Hiromichi would need to keep him in place if he was
going to make a direct hit.

"Beast Overload!"

The Giant Feral Wolves let out a final howl, their essence vanishing
into a stream of light that wrapped itself around Hiromichi's fist. The
energy pulsated in his arm as with one quick and precise jab, managed to
hit the masked man right in the gut.

"Take this you piece of shit!"

The area around them shook violently, the ground breaking as the rubble
was tossed back from the force.

The masked man however, remained stoic with no signs of even flinching
from his attack.

"Truly just a dog. I allowed your slow and pointless attack through to
show you the difference in strength. Enough of that I suppose."

A large bulky shadow emerged from his own. It stood largely over them,
hovering its presence in wait.

Sayu who had taken her time to recover from her personal ego being
struck raised her sword once more and ran towards the creature.

The masked man raised his arm and aimed it at Sayu.

"*Field Command*. Stop."

Sayu felt her feet stop under her as she stood paralyzed.

"W-what's happening?"

She struggled to move but no matter how hard she tried something kept
her in place. It didn't take her long to realize that this was due to
some enemy attack or skill that had been used on her.

"Ah, yes perhaps I should do some more 'monologue' at this point. I do
love talking about myself a bit. This is one of my Unique Skills, Field
Command. You know what I can do, manipulate others into doing what I
need them to do. This is due to my Unique Stat Charisma. It's very weak
when I use it on its own. I can't even change the thoughts of others,
only incite them to think or do what they already are to a whole other
level. However my Skills are a different thing. It allows me to control
individuals of a certain level of strength within a distance of me.
Useful don't you think?"

Sayu stared in frustration at the man who with one word simply stopped
her in place. This was for her a very shameful position for someone of
her status. Never did she imagine something so stupid and weak would be
able to affect her yet here she was.

"Dammit Sayu get away!" yelled out Hiromichi gritting his teeth in pain.

"She can't, not unless I say so. That sword though you hold, it's very
interesting."

The masked man lifted the arm which he had used earlier to swat her
attack away. It revealed a burning scorch mark on his skin through the
burned glove.

"I can see how strong you are, and I'm surprised you managed to do any
form of harm to me, my only conclusion is that your sword must be
special somehow. Do me a favor, let me see it."

Sayu struggled with all her might as her legs moved forward. Nothing she
did would stop her and it was infuriating.

"You filthy creature. I won't allow you to lay your hand on-"

"Stop talking its irritating me."

Sayu's throat was blocked at that very moment. Any noise she tried
making became pointless as she struggled to disobey.

She finally got close enough to the masked man that they were face to face.

Hiromichi continued to make struggling sounds as he attempted to break
free.

"Sayu you have to find a way to get the hell away!"

She glanced furiously at Hiromichi. It's not that she wasn't trying its
that it was proving to be quite difficult. She could slowly feel some of
her movement returning to her, like pulling a rubber band apart but
instantly felt herself pulled back.

If she could just push a little harder she would be able to overcome
this skills ability.

The masked man reached his hand out towards her.

"Allow me. Hand the sword over."

Sayu followed obediently lifting the hilt of the sword towards him.

The masked man grabbed the sword and marveled at it.

"I see this feels like an Arms weapon. How unique in strength and feel.
Like it was crafted by the Gods themselves. I'll keep it for later use
if you don't mind. For now, though..."

He offered the sword back to Sayu which she took back with much delight.

"Be a dear, and kill yourself with it."


/*A/N: Yes this is a bit longer than usual. So question are these better
longer or are the typical 1500 word ones the way to go? Keep in mind
longer means I have to sit down and do a bit more work so updating them
would be a bit more of a hassle. This one is not too far off, 2500 words
or so but just opinions. Happy Holidays!*/

