
Kami was suddenly standing next to Sayu, holding back the sword that was
pointed at her heart.

Her grip struggled against his but the sword wouldn't budge. No matter
the amount of effort she put, she couldn't thrust the sword into her heart.

The masked man stumbled back surprise at the sudden appearance of Kami.

"Wh-"

That was all he managed to say before the presence of the masked man
dissipated into thin air.

Kami held his fingers up having snapped him out of existence.

Sayu was finally free from the masked man's control as she removed her
grip from the sword.

"K-kami you're here..." she panted heavily.

Her heart burst with joy at the sudden appearance of the Almighty. She
couldn't help herself as she lunged at him, embracing Kami between her
arms.

Hiromichi on the other hand who had been a rag doll to the masked man
fell to the ground in a daze.

"W-what the hell, you're here Kami?! How long ago did you get here man?!"

Kami gave off a light laugh producing a bright smile.

"I teleported from the Draconian Empire, I knew something was wrong and
I had to get here just in time as the plot demands me to be here in time
to save the day."

"Tch, what the hell does that mean?!" questioned Hiromichi.

He was acted flustered but in reality, he was relieved that Kami had
showed up just in time. Even so he noticed the glowing aura around Kami
and had a moment or realization.

"K-kami what-"

"I'm a God Hiromichi, not just any God either, God of All Creation" Kami
replied, interrupting his question.

"W-what the he-"

"That's not all either" he said snapping his fingers.

Himari stood next to him in an instant her confusion visible in her face.

"Mister Kami where are we?"

There was a sudden burst of light that covered her, it was intense past
anything Hiromichi had even experienced. There was a sense of warmth
that washed over his troubles as the light diminished revealing Himari
once more in a new glowing form.

"She is now a God as well."

Hiromichi's confusion rose even further. He was stuck in between
astonished at the events that were presenting themselves and bewildered.

Alruin whose presence had been forgotten during the commotion stumbled
back into sight. He look mostly unharmed but his aura seemed a bit
menacing.

"W-well hey look Alruin this is Kami..the bastard w-"

"Save it..."

A burst of anger and boiling jealousy surged from within Alruin's chest.
All he could see was Sayu holding onto Kami as though it were her lover.

"You, Kami, you are undeserving of her affection."

Kami looked directly at the man in front of him and slightly smirked.

"I am the All-Powerful, nothing you do can compare to my ability to
instantly kill you, which we all know I can do at any point therefore it
is the all solution to everything I do." his stare changing over to the
front of the page.

"Either way, she is my woman! Remove your presence from her side!" he
drew his sword preparing himself to a fight to the death.

"If you insist then." Kami said raising his hand.

There was a sudden burst of light that hit the ground next to where they
stood. There was a familiar figure that skipped over to Kami as the
outlet of the shadow became recognizable.

It was Asobi, the God of Joy. There was something strange about him
though. Unlike his usual playful style he seemed tense and almost fearful.

He bowed his head as low as he could at Kami and spoke.

"All Powerful, we have learned who you are through the request of many
fans! We at Celestia including Goddess Iatra are at your disposal. Lead
us God of All!"

A throne sprung forth from the ground as Kami casually sat on it. His
head rested in the palm of his hand while Sayu remained adamant.

She adjusted herself in a position where she could continiously hold
onto Kami's neck and sit in his lap at the same time.

"I shall remove these Evil Gods that you speak off as my first act of all."

"Yes, please guide us all powerful!"

Another unexpected entrance as a portal opened from directly in front of
them. This time another familiar figure emerged as it stumbled forward.
It was Ausra the Grand Hero who had aligned herself with the Gods from
the Abyss.

"T-the Gods, they've all vanished before my eyes...I don't understand..."

Kami chest filled with a boast as Asobi threw himself onto the ground in
his knees.

Himari who had been standing still this whole time made her way towards
Kami and sat on the arm chair next to him.

"Although we are enemies and nothing would bring me more joy than to see
you suffer. Not to mention you've destroyed any semblance of a plan I
had before anyone even knew what I was up to AND you cracked my soul so
there's no real logical reason for me to say this, but I find myself
strangely attracted to you."

Ausra strolled towards Kami as she fell to her knees and clinged onto
his leg.

Kami smirked as he spoke and raised his free hand.

"BRING ME MY HAREM!"

Shi appeared in the background casually waving from afar.

"I'm here, I exist." his voice drowned by Kami's laughter.

Hiromichi who had been hiding his inner feelings all along leaped onto
Kami as his face flustured.

"D-don't forget about me...idiot."

Alruin sensing his defeat dropped to his knees and said the only thing
that came to mind.

"He's too powerful, he wins."

And so began the new rule of the God of All Creation with some plot
holes and forgotten back characters.

