
The streets were drowned in sounds from attacks across the city. There
were little breaks of silence in between before the noise of fear picked
up once more. The atmosphere of the area had grown gloomy.

Kami found himself in an empty street looking around for any signs of
Drairgun. He had cleaned most of the general area from any of those
vampires. At this pace, he would end up cleaning the whole city by
himself before ever finding him.

He whistled as though casually taking a stroll. Nothing so far was
proving to be of any interest to him. Just vampires with the instincts
of wild animals roaming around trying to get their fill of blood.

"Well should I just clear this whole thing up already? No, no one will
know it's me. Someone else like Drairgun could take credit for it. I
should keep doing what I've been doing so far and go around clearing
areas. So far thankfully there hasn't been any victims but I'm sure
that's not the case elsewhere."

In a split of a second, his body reacted on its own as he jumped back
from what felt like an enemy's attack. A vorpal dark crimson fluid hit
the ground where he had been standing causing a small explosion.

His attention shifted to some buildings nearby where two figures stood
tall. On closer inspection they had the same ashy skin as the vampires
he had been coming across. However, unlike those, these seemed more
receptive and like they were in control of themselves.

"Seems like your typical bad guy showing up scenario. Alright I'm game."
he mumbled as he landed on his feet a few yards away from the initial
attack.

"This one seems fun, I told you he wasn't your normal adventurer." spoke
a raspy high-pitched voice.

It belonged to a female. Her hair was jumbled up almost like the kind of
hair you get when you wake up in the mornings. It was dark but seemed to
be fainted from lack of care. Her eyes gleamed with an intense hunger
her tongue touching the tip of her fangs trying to control her thirst

The other was just a plain looking man. Which made him stand out in
comparison to the crazed-looking female next to him. His hair was almost
none existent, only a patch of it around his ears, and a short-trimmed
beard and mustache. He had a brown cloak covering his entire slim
appearance which just made him look like a floating head on top of a sheet.

Kami couldn't help but laugh a little at these two. It wasn't their
appearance exactly that he found funny but the overall tense scenario he
had expected only two have these two show up.

"Do you think this is a joke! We know who you are, we're here to make
sure you don't go anywhere, Hero Kami!"

Kami's felt a bit astonished at hearing this, replacing his joyful
demeanor towards their presence. How did these two know who he was and
what did they mean they were here to stop him from going anywhere?

He lowered his guard and took in a deep breath. Knowing how this works
he could ask a thousand times and they probably wouldn't tell him much
of what they meant. Therefore, he would take action into his own hands.

"Who's trying to keep me here?" his voiced echoed into their ears.

It was like sweet honey to their minds. The experience of Kami speaking
to them removed any of their animosity completely. It was a lullaby that
lured those who heard his voice into a delectable state of inebriation.
This was much stronger than simple mind control it was a whisper of
seduction they couldn't resist. They would pour their hearts out at him
not because he asked but because they wanted to. This feeling overcame
every fiber of their body and mind as it wrapped itself into their very
being and made it their own.

"Our Queen, she ordered an attack and gave us all instructions to keep
you from returning to the human kingdom by all means necessary." replied
the female.

Her only desire now was to hear him speak more so his words would
entangle her in this delightful bliss.

"Your Queen...the human kingdom... tell me where your Queen is."

The words barraged her mind once again as she happily submitted herself
before them.

The man stood silently feeling the effects as well. He could tell
somehow though that the words were not being directed at him so he
remained quiet while she answered his every desire.

"She's currently under ground a few miles from here. The light weakens
us and makes us vulnerable. We couldn't afford to send our main forces,
so instead we sent the weakest of our kind as a stall out method. We're
here only to maneuver those forces around the city but even so we're not
supposed to engage. South west near the castle there's a gate that will
lead you towards her." she said

Kami had a dumbfounded expression as he listened to her go on and on.

He had asked her a simple question and she basically started pouring her
entire plan out at him. This was probably all useful but he couldn't
shake the sense that he was cheating somehow. He took in another breath
and made sure his power was no longer in effect. Charisma being a Unique
Stat was dangerous in his book. On one hand he felt as though he
shouldn't use it and on the other, he couldn't help using it, like a
shiny new skill you unlock on a character. You know it's less effective
than anything else but its new and the animations and effect are just
too cool to pass on using it. Except in this case, this new stat is a
little too good.

"Thanks for the help guys!"

He was ready to take off before the two of them materialized in front of
him.

"We can't let you go just like that though! Now that you know where our
base of operations is, we have to keep you from getting there at all
cost!" yelled out the female.

They looked far too silly in this scenario to be any threat.
Nonetheless, he knew from experience looks could be deceiving. He
decided to check up on their stats just to make sure what he was getting
into.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Grembald *

Level: 36

EXP: 1/52000

Title: /The Bald One /

Class: Vampire

HP: 1007/1007

Stamina:950/950

Mana: 1410/1410

Strength: 907

Endurance: 1013

Intelligence: 1395

Dexterity: 941

Charisma: 900

Wisdom: 1258




*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Lenora *

Level: 32

EXP: 4570/40000

Title:/Hag with Bags /

Class: Vampire

HP: 903/903

Stamina: 932/932

Mana: 756/756

Strength: 1070

Endurance: 856

Intelligence: 863

Dexterity: 984

Charisma: 743

Wisdom: 789

/What's with their titles? Even the guy's name has bald in it, as if to
mock is hairless nature. Are these two like the parody of their own
kind? Well aside from the strange titles and name, their stats are
incredibly underwhelming. I almost forgot that my stats are abnormally
high for my current level. This shouldn't be too hard. /

Either case he wanted to hold back a little. It was in his interest to
see what kind of skills they had. This could serve as a future reference
when fighting other vampires. By their appearance, although far from
what he thought a more proper vampire would look like, they were
definitely different then the once he had met so far. This would mean
there really is a difference of vampires even within their own Class.

The one called Lenora was the first one to react, she ran towards him in
an orthodox manner. She looked to be running and stumbling at the same
time yet she seemed to move at a surprisingly fast pace.

Kami couldn't help but smile at the approaching woman. This felt like a
mock battle if anything. Still, this would be an interesting experience.

She raised her arms forward as though holding claws and swiped on the air.

A set of energy blades with a crimson like color hurled themselves at
Kami. They were awfully slow for him but decided to stand his ground and
take the full blast.

Just as he thought, when the blades made contact with him, they simply
dissipated into thin air leaving the girl Lenora slightly confused.

Still she continued her charge until she got close enough to Kami. She
swiped left and right attempting to slash at any part of his body that
she could make contact with.

Kami though easily move from side to side seeing every one of her
actions as though a slow replay was playing in front of him. This was
still a courteous act since their stat difference would mean he
shouldn't even have to dodge her attack.

"Stand...still...brat!!" she beckoned as her attacks became more frantic.

Kami smirked as he lifted one hand in between her attack and flicked her
forehead.

The simple attack was much more effective than he thought as her head
swung back. Her eyes rolled back instantly as her body dropped to the
floor. He had not applied enough force to send her flying back but
apparently it had been more than enough to make her lose conscious.

"W-woops guess I should hold back a bit more. Kind of hard considering I
was holding back pretty much everything." he mumbled to himself.

There was a sudden rumble from the back as the ground broke revealing a
large blood-like spike aimed directly at him.

It was, once again, too slow. He placed his palm in front of the spike
as a quick reflex. The spike collided with his hand simply breaking as
glass being thrown against a steel wall.

Kami raised his other hand and snapped his fingers towards the seemingly
startled Grembald.

He hadn't cast any skills or anything of that sort. He snapped his
fingers to create air pressure directed at Grembald.

Although he had used it with as little force as possible the air
pressure seemed to head be creating some damage. The ground turned into
debris along its path leaving a trail of destruction.

Grembald in turn noticed this and tried to dodge in time. He was quick
on his feet but not quick enough as the air pressure Kami had created
with his fingers graced his shoulder, blowing his entire arm off.

"That's even more dangerous? I have to learn some control." he mumbled

This was another reason why he had decided to have minimal combat with
Drairgun directly. His stats had grown at a great rate when he had
chosen his God Class. It was a bit difficult at this moment to measure
how much force he had to put between attacks to not instantly blow
people up. He was getting the hang of it but he would have to apply more
restrain in combat depending on the level of strength his opponent had.

Grembald landed on the ground clinging on to his shoulder. His arm had
been blown apart almost instantaneously so it had not fully hit him that
there was nothing there anymore.

There was a gush of blood coming from his arm as the situation he was in
finally kicked in. Even as he rolled around in pain, he didn't make a
single sound.

/Should I heal him and start a new...no they are the enemy so I
shouldn't have to do such a thing. Ahhh feels a little different hurting
a mortal than a monster when I'm not angry. Well they are the enemy they
should know the consequences of a fight. If you lose, you're
surrendering your life. /

Kami shrugged as he raised his fingers once again. The least he could do
now was to put him out of his silent agony.

"I hope this Universe has a reincarnation cycle otherwise see you in
Heaven."

Right as he was about to snap his fingers, a cold hand grasp onto his
leg. He looked down to see the girl who he thought was knocked out
fiercely looking back at him with her dull red eyes. They had some light
in it since the first time he had seen her. It was the eyes of someone
who wanted to kill him, something that wouldn't happen even if he laid
down on the ground and let them hit him repetitively until they grew tired.

Her strength though seemed a lot more than he imagined. In fact, her
appearance seemed to be warping in front of his eyes. The girl's hair
who had seemed messy and unkept had its dark color replenished as it
became vibrant and luscious. Her ashy dust skin had some glow restored
to it giving it a porcelain look. Her eyes albeit still hungry for the
kill, had some of the red tint filled making them stand out more. Her
fangs seemed to sharpened as well. This person seemed almost like an
entirely different person and that's when Kami realized what was happening.

He shook her off and jumped back as he opened his Status Bar.



*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Kami *

Lvl:25

EXP:23691/24000

Title: /God of All/Runaway God /

Class: God

HP: 44990/45000

Stamina: 45000/45000

Mana: 45000/45000

Strength: 45000

Endurance: 45000

Intelligence: 45000

Dexterity: 45000

Charisma: 25

Wisdom: 45000




/Ahhh,so they absorb HP...but what's with the sudden change in
appearance. /

The girl who had previously had the appearance of someone to be
underestimated stood from the ground and stretched her new self.

Her appearance was youthful and gorgeous in nature. Her eyes gleamed at
Kami as she licked her fangs with her tongue.

"Your HP is delicious. I can only imagine what your blood must taste like"

Even her voice, which had been raspy as though she was sick was
different. It had gained a more pleasant mellow sound to it leaving any
traces of her initial voice gone.

"This is what so little of your HP can do I can only imagine how much
powerful your blood will make me, now child come!"

/Child? She looks around my age. Then again, she is a vampire she could
be much older if the whole youthful immortality thing applies here.
That's possibly why she looks at me as a kid. Ironically, I'm much older
than she will ever be. /

Kami would have to make sure not to let his guard down again. It seems
whatever they could do, would ignore any resistances he had. Considering
she even managed to steal ten of his HP with that power difference,
would make vampires a tricky thing to handle at close combat.

He grinned in excitement for the first time since they started this fight.

"Interesting..." he mumbled raising his fingers once more.

