
/She's definitely a bit faster. /

Kami's thought as he dodged her attack once again. Her speed had
increased ever since she gained this stronger healthier look but even
still it was far beyond what he could react to.

She once again swung wildly at him as she tried to get a hold of him one
way or another.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Lenora *

Level: 32

EXP: 4670/40000

Title: /Hag with Bags /

Class: Vampire

HP: 452/1003

Stamina: 992/1032

Mana: 856/856

Strength: 1170

Endurance: 956

Intelligence: 963

Dexterity: 1084

Charisma: 843

Wisdom: 889

/Her stats went up, not by a lot but that's probably why she's faster
and her swings are more precise. Still....she lost a lot of HP from when
I flicked her forehead. One more of those and she's a goner. Did she
also recover HP when she drained my HP or were her stats the only boost?
Hmmm, her EXP went up a bit too. Vampires are an interesting Class. I'm
inclined to test it out by letting her absorb more of my own HP. /

He stopped just in time for her to grab on to his arm.

She seemed genuinely surprised but immediately grinned. This is what she
wanted all along. Even if he couldn't take his blood right now due to
their strength difference, she would absorb his HP little by little.

"Got you, you little brat!"

Kami noticed small particle effects moving from his hand and directly
towards her own glowing one. His heart raced at seeing how his HP was
drained. It wasn't because he was scared or nervous, but excitement at
seeing how this ability work.

After a few seconds he swatted her arm away releasing him easily from
her grip, as he took another look at her stats. She had managed to drain
a bit more HP this time, about thirty-eight.

*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Lenora *

Level: 32

EXP: 5050/40000

Title: /Hag with Bags /

Class: Vampire

HP: 832/1383

Stamina: 1372/1412

Mana: 1236/1236

Strength: 1550

Endurance: 1336

Intelligence: 1343

Dexterity: 1464

Charisma: 1223

Wisdom: 1269

"T-this HP is delicious! I've never tasted anything like it!" she said
in a satisfied voice.

Kami on the other hand was busy trying to make heads and tails of how it
worked.

/It was thirty-eight HP, she gained three-hundred and eighty on each
stat so I can assume per each point she absorbs she gains ten on each
stat. Her HP technically did regen from absorbing my HP but it was
probably just because of the increase in stats. Now the question is,
considering there was no stamina or mana wasted, is it a skill with no
cost, or some sort of passive also exclusive to the vampires? Is it
permanent or a temporary buff? No, if it was permanent vampires would be
running around slaying everything with the most broken stats imaginable.
It's probably a temporary thing, how long though? /

It would be easy for him to use his Charisma's ability to get all the
answers but somehow this felt like it defeated the purpose and
excitement of combat. He would have to find out on his own if things
were to go this way.

"Stand still for me again" she stared at him for some time before her
expression changed as if waking up from a lucid dream.

"T-that divine aura...did you always have that..."

Lenora barely seemed to have realized Kami's divinity. Her face changed
once more from a dismayed expression to one of fear.

"She said you were a H-hero, t-this is not what we thought we were up
against!"

It was strange that the sudden realization that they were up against a
God completely changed her perspective. It appeared that Lenora had been
reacting to pure instinct to not have realized already what Kami was.
Her thirst had been clouding her judgement, making her only think of
attacking and satisfying her hunger. Simply absorbing some of his HP had
quenched enough of her appetite to see snap her out of her crazed hunger
attack.

Now that she had a clearer conscious, she began discerning Kami's true
nature. All confidence about keeping him from leaving vanished along
with this fact. This was a God she was facing, and she would most likely
be punished for this insolence.

Lenora wavered, slowly backing away in fear as Kami's eyes followed her
every step.

He stood quietly waiting for her next move but it seemed her interest
had changed from fighting him to running away.

So as soon as she realized I was a God she completely tucked her tail
between her legs. Ahhh what a shame really should get rid of it.

Grembald finally made his move as he stood from his agonizing pain and
raised his intact hand.

A roil of dark energy shot from his hand with a piercing humming sound.
It moved quickly for how it looked but again, was nothing Kami couldn't
handle.

He simply raised his own hand and took the full blast from the attack.
Instead of dissipating how he expected, it entangled itself around his
arm as he felt it trying to tighten itself.

"Was this a way to keep me down so you could run away or something..."

The energy moved vigorously up his arm towards his shoulder. He couldn't
tell if it had any damage effect on it what so ever considering it was
doing nothing to him, but by the way the skill looked it was a sort of
root or bind to paralyze the one affected in place.

Kami reached out with his hand and easily ripped the energy from his
arm. Whatever it was, it was too weak and ineffective.

/Seems like it would work better if it struck somewhere else like my
legs or my chest to have both my arms immobilized. Guess besides that
one little move they don't really have anything interesting to show. No,
I shouldn't say that. I'm sure they're some form of threat to normal
people, just happens to be I'm not normal people. /

Grembald still seemed confident enough to continue his attacks. His arm
still raised he shot a few more of the same attack at him. This time he
was hoping the greater number of attacks would be enough to overwhelm him.

Kami sighed as the dark energy approached him once more.

Lenora who had seemed to be the more interesting of the two was now too
scared to make her move and Grembald's only wish at this point was to
slow Kami down so they could run off. This small fight had turned into a
prey versus predator kind of scenario where these two defenseless
creatures now attempted to use everything in their power to get away.

/More accurately, it had always been like that I suppose. They just
didn't realize it. /

Kami easily avoided the attack, as it was too slow anyway to make
contact with him. He lifted his finger and in a blink of an eye smacked
it against the ground.

There was a large tremor as a crevice made from the impact drew Grembald
in. His bald head disappeared inside the large opening into the darkness
below him. The ground instantly shut close afterwards leaving no traces
of it ever having split open to begin with.

"G-grembald!" Lenora said stepping up for the first time since her
realization.

She still had fear in her eyes but seemed genuinely concerned for her ally.

"Don't worry that shouldn't have killed him. He's probably trapped
somewhere underground. He was so persistent in holding me down so you
two could get away I figured I should do the same. It's almost a bit sad
finishing you guys off in this state."

Kami yawned which only seemed to infuriate Lenora.

She didn't like being looked down upon, even if it was a God. He seemed
to be mocking her but in reality, he just really didn't feel like
killing them at all. Even from the beginning his intentions had not
really been to finish them off, even if he had tried to convince himself
they were just enemies.

At this point he would end up restricting them and moving on.

However, in her mind, Kami was boasting and was treating her as
something not worth fighting. Her fear slowly shrunk becoming replaced
with a boiling sensation of anger.

"You think because you're a God I won't kill you?! Even if you're a God
you still look like a brat to me!"

It was fast, faster than she could ever process or imagine. In all her
years alive she had never come across someone of such speed. Even the
Queen's speed paled in comparison. Kami was behind her within a fraction
of a second. Even as she felt the small sharp pain behind her neck, she
still couldn't tell what had happened. Her brain couldn't connect the
dots in time as her vision became blurry making her stumble forward
eventually falling on the ground. All feeling in her body became numb
leaving the growing darkness in her eyes the only source of sense she
had left. Even that was stripped at the last fraction of that one second
it had taken Kami to reach her.

Kami lowered his hand which he had used to drop her unconscious and
casually placed his hands in his pockets. Even though his demeanor
seemed cool and relaxing inside his mind Kami was screaming.

/That was so cool! I always wanted to do some anime-like move like that!
Aaah this is truly rewarding, this is the best thing to come from this
fight. Did anyone see what I did, I karate chopped her neck and made her
faint! There had to be someone around to see how badass that looked
right? /

His body shivered in excitement but his face looked as though it had
been no big deal.

With the two of them dealt with there was only one place he wanted to
head on over now. It would seem this Queen she spoke off would be the
source of all the problems. If this attack was truly her fault, having
no mercy on her would be no problem to him. These two seemed more of an
exception than a standard rule. However, if they were to try and face
him again with the intent to kill, perhaps it wouldn't be so lucky for
them next time.

"I still need to find Drairgun."

It was like a calling of sorts as the presence of the giant behemoth
Draconian Hero came from the sky. He landed on top of the female vampire
his sword aimed directly at her. His landing caused a crackle on the
ground as the sword easily pierced through her. There was a gush of
blood that erupted from the wound as he looked up at Kami.

"I suggest to you, all must die do you understand?"

Kami was taken aback by the sudden appearance and somewhat gory method.
He didn't exactly feel sorry for her dying, but was somewhat more upset
because Drairgun had chosen to overturn his decision by stepping in.

This was unacceptable to him. Even though he understood his presence
meant little to nothing to the mortals of this Universe, he couldn't
help but feel as though his own creations were slapping him in the face.
Drairgun especially knew what he was, yet, still seemed to think he had
something over Kami. He regretted his next decision but something inside
him snapped.

He raised his hand and a force threw Drairgun back against a nearby
wall. The wall crumbled a bit underneath the pressure but otherwise
remained sturdy.

Drairgun attempted to break free but his efforts seemed in vain. No
matter how hard he tried there was an invisible force that kept him
locked in place.

"Ngh...t-this strength..." said Drairgun as the force continued to crush
him into submission.

Kami's eyes had an empty look to them, almost lifeless as he approached
Drairgun.

"Don't ever think of changing a decision I made again Hero, what I say
goes do you understand? That's my suggestion to you If I wish for her to
live that is my word, and my word is everything."

Kami seemed bothered by what he had said and done. Drairgun had showed
up as if taking the lead and had told him what to do. Taking a life he
had spared was an insult to him. All have to die? Who was this mortal
who overturned the choices he made?

He took a deep breath and released Drairgun.

/This was an unfair reaction perhaps. I'm getting worked up over
something so small. Ahhh, come one don't be like that, relax. Even after
all this time still have a little of my old self in me. /

"I'm sorry..." Kami said turning his back on him.

Drairgun slid onto the ground and stared at Kami in silence.

Through his eyes Kami seemed genuinely sorry andsomehow still bothered
by what he had done. This was somewhat fascinating to him. A God from
Celestia would have more than likely praised him for his slaughter of
such creatures while one from the Abyss would have cared only if it
intervened with their plans. Here was one who stood in between both
sides. This was more humane than he imagined a God to be. Morally
speaking, what he had done, would it be consider good, or bad? There
would be those that say killing those who want to kill you is
acceptable, but is taking a life with no regret any better than what
they do?

He stood up after a while and picked his weapon up, strapping it back on
its sheath.

"Hero Kami. My intentions are to safe the people of this city. I can see
you also wanted to save these beings, now that I think on it. You must
understand though, these are cursed creatures, led by a monster, which
makes them no better than monsters themselves. Do see my point of view
as well."

Kami shrugged and took a deep breath. He would have to put this thing
behind him, it was insignificant and not worth getting so worked up
over. Many more die and he's done killings of his own creations all the
time, shouldn't matter if someone else comes in and does the same.

"So where have you been, was looking for you so I can get some answers."

He changed the subject hoping not to dwell on the fact that he had just
man handled a Hero from another nation with quiet some ease.

"There was nothing I could answer yet. I too was looking for answers. It
appears this is all a diversion to keep you away from going back to your
kingdom." replied Drairgun.

He seemed unaffected by what just happened and looked just as happy to
oblige and move past this.

"Why is that?" Kami pondered.

"I know very little information on that. I interrogated a few others of
her kind before coming this way. It seems there is an attack on the
capital city of the Ducuria Kingdom as well. This would mean they wanted
you out of the way so you wouldn't interfere with their assault. As to
who or why they are doing this, I have no information on it."

"Interesting, either way I don't think there should be much to worry
even if I'm not there." he shrugged.

"Why is that Hero Kami?"

"The second strongest person is in that nation right now, doubt she
would lose." he smiled confidently.

"Is your trust in that person so?"

"Sure is, then again, they could be attacking with someone far stronger
this time than the dragon or the masked man. Maybe I am putting a little
too much faith in her. Even so I doubt they'll be able to win even if
they brought her near her death bed."

The Draconian Hero stood in silence as if waiting for Kami to continue
talking.

They stared at each other for a bit before Kami chuckled and smiled.

"She can't exactly die, at least, not forever. I made sure of that
myself...or did I remove her immortality...hmmm."

