
"The little brother I remember was there for a second!"

Heaven's new ruler laid in bed as she stared at a wall displaying all
the transpiring events. She held onto a pillow her face flustered as an
image of Kami knocking a vampire with his hand with little effort played.

"So freaking cool~!" she said burying her face into her bed.

There was a sudden knock on the door before it flung open.

It was Lucifer, holding a platter with drinks ontop of it. His usually
outfit had been changed to that of a butler as he walked forward and
stared down at her.

"Why do you knock if you're just going to come in anyway?" she pouted
without removing her eyes from the screen.

Lucifer sighed at having to deal with this all-powerful child. At first,
he had thought an alliance with Heaven would be the best option when he
had learned that she existed. He had made his way to Heaven in a haste
to make a temporary truce but it was little to late. She had attacked
and easily overcome her brothers and himself. What followed was the most
unexpected part.

He thought for sure he would be erased or tortured for as long as she
ruled Heaven but as it turned out she was much more innocent that he had
thought. Still one couldn't help but wonder if this was because she
acted that way or because she really was that way. Sometimes a glimmer
of evil sparkled in her eyes but quickly vanished.

Now he, the ruler of Hell was reduced to nothing more than a butler for
her pleasure. This was indeed, torturous in its own way.

"Just take your drinks so I can leave."

She sat up and frowned at Lucifer as she reached for her beverage. It
was a sweat nectar like substance from a fruit Kami had created. It grew
only in Heaven as far as Lucifer was aware and when you extracted the
contents from it, this delectable, red tint substance would be made. In
truth Lucifer had some before and it was truly like nothing he's ever
tasted.

His eyes glanced at the screen as he stared at his father going about
his journey. It somehow angered him seeing his face so close after all
this time but he maintained his composure as to not bring suspicion to
himself.

"Come to think of it, you have yet to let us know what to call you." he
commented trying to remove Kami's face from his mind.

She glanced up at Lucifer once more as she drank from her glass.

It wasn't that it had not crossed her mind, it was just that she didn't
know what to call herself. In truth, she had hoped Kami would do the
honors and give her a name. This was probably the reason why she refused
to give an answer to the angels when they asked what to refer her to as
and decided to just have them call her by proper etiquette names like
Ma'am, Lady, or Madame.

"Keep calling me what I told you, stop bothering me about it every
second, shesh." she snapped back at Lucifer.

Lucifer gritted his teeth and smiled back at her.

"As.You.Say.Ma'am."

"Don't play snippy with me Lucifer. You're the one who came to me first."

This was true. The fact of the matter was that he had been desperate
since his father left to invade Heaven and claim it as his own. So much
so he started seeking alternatives when his constant barrage of attacks
failed. He looked high and low but no one in any Universe who knew of
the strength of Heaven would even try an alliance with him. In that
case, he looked beyond what his father had created, into the void,
everything that was still untouched by his presence, an infinite zone of
nothing. That's where he had met her, this girl whose powers seemed to
rival his fathers. She claimed to have been asleep this whole time until
he entered her domain. He proposed to her his idea and at first it
seemed like she would go for it. However, she quickly turned on him,
easily overpowering him. That's when he realized his mistake and the
kind of monster he had awaken. Realizing that Creation was now at stake
because of what he did, he ran to Heaven for support. The rest is
history as they say.

"Not exactly ruling Heaven but see? You're here now! Not like I would
let a little rebellious toy take the throne my little brother sits on."

Lucifer's rage fired inside him once again but he remained calm.

"You keep saying my father is your little brother, that's impossible
considering he has always existed."

She giggled and took another sip from her drink. Her eyes always moving
along the screen whenever Kami showed up.

"Is that what he likes to tell his toys. Well before him I existed,
Nothing. I was, and I wasn't. Hard to say really. I just know that when
he was, so was I. Maybe he's not my little brother, but then again, if I
was before he was, even if I wasn't, I still was. Either way, he's my
little brother" she smiled happily at her response.

Lucifer felt he was missing something in that conversation. Had she
answered his question or was she messing with him?

"You two are not actually related then?"

"Related? That's a concept my little brother created. If you mean, do we
come from the same blood, no. If you talk about spending eons and eons
with him as my sole companion, yes. He's always been everything to me
and without him, I'm nothing again."

Lucifer couldn't understand this girl but decided it was best to move on.

"Your powers are opposite to his, making you as powerful as him, you
could have come in at any point and challenge him for supremacy, why
wait until now?"

She stared angrily at Lucifer as if seeing a distasteful treat.

He shrunk and lowered his eyes to the ground hoping she would overlook
his question.

"I'm not as strong as him and even if I was, I wouldn't. All I want is
to be by his side, forever, and if that meant side by side, nothingness,
and creation, so be it. Now though, I want more, not sure as celestial
giants but as beings. Do you understand?"

"I don't understand anything you say." Lucifer thought to himself but
nodded his head anyway.

It would be best to keep her happy unless he wanted to find himself
vanishing from existence himself.

"How goes the little project by the way?" she asked curiously.

"It's...a bit more complicated than we thought, we have a proto type we
actually wanted you to have...if you so wish."

She nodded her head as she jumped from the bed onto her feet.

"Cmon Lucy hurry up!" she said sweetly.

Lucifer scoffed at the name.

His father would call him the exact same thing. It was endearing at
first but the more he grew to detest him, the more he hated the name.

He pulled out a small glowing orb. It was unlike anything he had ever
seen. It's leaked of divine energy and essence that he could never hope
to wield. This was only but a fraction of his father's strength and this
small orb only served to remind him of that fact.

Lucifer placed the small orb onto her awaiting hands.

She seemed awfully excited at the product in front of her eyes.

If this thing worked like she thought it would, she would be able to
help out and do as Kami would. This could potentially start her on her
road to using Creation as he does.

She tossed it in her mouth as a small crunching noise was heard. She
chewed happily and enjoyed the taste of this divine level energy. It was
pure and warm only second to that of her brothers. The strength of the
small candy-like orb filled her body and entangled her. She could feel a
small change in her, nothing noticeable but a small spark of something.

"Quick give me a planet or something! N-never mind!" she said reaching
into her pockets and pulling out the Universe she carried around.

It was the one Kami was in, she brought it with her wherever she went
like a small treasure.

She tried putting her influence into the Universe to see if doing so
would cause any disruptions in it.

Lucifer panicked and almost pleaded with her not to.

If she someone erased Kami while in there all Creation would fall,
including himself. He shook his fear off though instantly realizing that
would be near impossible anyway since his father was essentially
unkillable.

She stared at the small Universe for a while shaking it back and forth
and noticed her power simply overlapping Kami's own. It wasn't trying to
eat away at his or overcome it, it simply laid next to it, side by side.

Her heartbeat increased at seeing this as a big smile spread across her
face.

"Y-yes! We did it, i-it works!"

This was just a simple test, nothing to reliant, so she would need
something more concreate, something to test it out.

"She can't exactly die, at least, not forever. I made sure of that
myself...or did I remove her immortality...hmmm"

She turned her attention to the screen at the sound of her brother's
voice. Sayu, his second creation, was to whom he was referring to. She
remembered seeing her die, she had still to wake up if it was true. He
seemed to have that toying around voice he gained the last few years
they spent together. His joking mannerism was terrible to say the least.
She was sure Kami had not forgotten something like that, especially not
towards his favorite creation.

She knew what was holding back Sayu from returning. The reapers
currently in charge were more than likely explaining the situation about
Shi no longer being in charge. Two of the most powerful beings were now
MIA and it was causing some ruckus. Sayu's return was more than likely
being affected by this.

"Shi leaving doesn't really make a difference, little brother would
easily be able to do his job and his own, but with Kami gone as well
things are turning into a mess. Tsk tsk tsk, of course I had to step in.
He left his stupid toys a way to keep all of Creation in one piece and
their still too dumb to know how to use it." she frowned.

Heaven itself was more than a haven in which all souls across the
multiverse went to once their life cycle was gone, if Shi didn't try
stealing any that is. It was an entire working mechanism that could keep
Creation steady in his absence. The angels and all other being who lived
her though had grown accustom to Kami consistently taking care of them
for ages and ages, and had never bothered to try and learn how to use
Heaven.

This is why Lucifer wanted control of it. With it, he could rule as the
new God of all Creation, even if he himself lacked the strength to do
so. It would take some getting used to but a single Archangel with
enough control and power could run this place along with all the angels
as the new God.

She would do this herself, but trying to use anything in Heaven only
resulted in it slowly being decayed by her own power. Kami's and hers
were off opposite, so one cannot be used without the other weakening.
Therefore, it would have to rely on her own strength to keep Creation in
one piece, and now that she thought of a way to turn her own power into
something similar to Kami's, it was possible.

"I can always give his favorite toy a little push to come back. Looks
like the other small creatures she's with are in trouble. Hmmm, what to
do what to do." she spoke lifting the Universe into her palm.

It suddenly expanded around the room as the celestial skies in it zoomed
in and out searching for the planet in which they were currently
located. In almost no time she could see the city where Sayu currently
was, lying on the ground. Next to her was a warrior and some masked man.
They seemed to be having a debuckle but it didn't interested her.

She walked towards Sayu's body almost in a hop like trance.

Yes, her immortality seemed intact, yet she had yet to return. Usually
there would be no delay for someone whose immortal, in fact this was a
strange occurrence overall. An immortal could take an infinite amount of
damage and still never have this happen. This was more than likely
because of the worlds rules in which Kami had subjected himself and Sayu
under.

"My little brother's boredom has led you far hasn't it little thing? How
far you've always gone for him. I'm the one who's supposed to be besides
him yet you're his favorite. Hmph." she spoke to Sayu as she crouched
besides her.

Her presence was the only thing there but her actually physical state
was still in Heaven. None of the people currently here had any idea that
she was talking to her.

"Okay, I'll speed your revival up a bit. I have to test my new Creation
powers somehow. What perfect way than to fix up Kami's toy. For your
sake I hope I have what it takes to bring you back without eventually
killing you for it." she smiled sweetly as her hand hovered over Sayu's
body.

"Breathe, you have work to do."

