
"What's that Hero, you've seemed to grow awfully quiet." mocked Y.

In truth there was one last thing Alruin could do to finish this off. It
was his last option but considering the situation he was in, there was
very little room for anything else. The only trouble is he was being
held tight, immobilized by Y's skill meaning he couldn't do anything. If
he kept this up there was nothing, he would be able to do.

"Good boy, now stay while my little pets finish their assault. Once we
kill the King and destroy this city, you can be on your merry way."

"What will you gain from such a thing? This nation will still have its
prince to follow even if you were to kill the king and destroy the city."

"Oh, we know, it's not so much to bring the nation down but to keep
Iatra from getting her, divine paws all over it. The King and her have a
pact of sorts keeping this land somewhat safe for you mortals. We had
initially hoped to use this pact, and buy some time while we cultivated
her energy, however our time is running short now that Hero Kami had to
step in. Sadly, the King must die then so she doesn't get this land
back. We have almost everything we needed from this nation anyway, it's
no longer too much concern if it prospers or not."

"You really monologue too much you know? Big mouth on you." replied
Alruin as he frantically tried to break free.

"It gets awfully boring not talking to anyone but my pets. I'm always
going around doing missions for our leader, keeping all my secrets grows
tiresome." he said while he walked around Alruin.

The masked man casually strolled over to a boulder left over from the
debris and sat down. He stared at Alruin silently for what felt like an
eternity. There didn't seem much else he wanted to say and Alruin just
wanted to free himself.

He had no intention of letting Y get away with it but breaking free was
proving to be difficult. His only plan at this point was to wait for his
Overcharge cooldown to come back up so he could summon forth more
strength that his body could handle at this point to break free. It
wasn't helping that he had zero to no idea of this man's strength. He
could obviously tell Y was stronger, but how much stronger was still to
be seen. If his measurement of strength was correct, Y was only a few
steps above him, which meant that if he could push himself to the limit,
he might be able to turn the tables around. Then again this was based on
the small spar they just had. It was entirely possible he was still
hiding his true strength.

"Still thinking of a way to break free? Why are Heroes so adamant in
trying to do what's right. With all that power you could be doing what's
best for you. How much have you sacrificed in the name of others since
you've been this Hero?"

In truth, he had yet to sacrifice anything. This was precisely why he
was trying so hard. Since his arrival in Tyr, all he had done is travel
and try to find answers for himself. He called himself the Hero of Tyr
without having done anything selfless yet. A Hero who has only been a
Hero by title but not in action. The first thing he did when he arrived
at Itsu Village was to try and find out who he was precisely before
coming to this land. The mission took a backseat to his personal goals.
For this reason, he wanted to change that and put the needs of the
people of this city first when he arrived. Nevertheless, the first
instance he had to be a Hero he allowed Sayu to die, and now Y was
trying to convince him to drop his sword and let it be. Alruin would not
allow this any further.

"You wouldn't understand, everything you do is for your selfish cause. I
cannot allow us to be of the same cloth."

"Oh my, stron-"

Y felt his face being smacked by a strong force. It was a fist, a
delicate yet powerful fist. He couldn't make the figure that had managed
to catch him off guard before being thrown against the ground.

The impact itself was not hurtful towards him. He barely felt the pain
surge his jaw as his body was buried into the floor from the force of
this punch. The real strike was to his ego, at allowing someone to get
so close while letting his guard down.

Alruin who had not been expecting this only froze up when he saw who had
been the one behind that attack.

She looked beyond anything he could imagine. Sayu stood ontop of the
hole in which she had literally buried Y under with a punch with a
divine glow. There were large wings made of pure luminescent energy
sticking from her back and her eyes had a glow of fire burning within
them. Her entire body was covered in the coat of aura that he recognized
as those of the Gods. She looked momentarily at Alruin and lifted her hand.

The sword that he had pulled from her chest tucked with great force from
his hand. Even as he held it tightly it managed to loosen itself from
his grip.

Sayu grabbed the incoming sword and stabbed the tip of it on the ground.

"Y-you..." Alruin's voice shook from disbelief.

"Back to the hole you came from worm! *Searing Geyser*!" Sayu yelled out
ignoring him.

From within the large hole in which Y was buried under, a pillar of fire
erupted forth into the sky. Its heat was so intense Alruin felt himself
sweating underneath his armor. The attack continued to shoot upwards
into the sky leaving very little room for Y to react.

"*Holy Fire*!"

The fire which was already hot enough to burn anything to ashes grew in
intensity. The color changed from its bright red to an intense white
reaching a point where it glowed and burned his eyes. Alruin, although
far enough from the attack, began sensing some of the effects from the
attack. His skin began heating up and he could feel slight burns around
his body appear.

This attack was incredibly powerful and he couldn't understand why. Even
now with this new form he saw Sayu in. Despite their strength difference
her attack was still affecting even him, even though he wasn't taking
the attack directly.

It wasn't time for him to really question what was happening. The bright
intensity of the fire now forced him to close his eyes. There was
nowhere he could go since he was still under Y's attack.

Sayu's sword began to glow as it cracked under the pressure of her
attacks. She wasn't feeling like herself.

She had just experience what death was for the first time in all her
life. The cold grasp of those reapers and the afterlife. She knew she
would return but even so, the fear that arose from being where she was
and the hatred towards the one who had put her there. When her eyes
opened back to this place, there was only one thing she wanted to do
more than anything and that was to kill the one responsible for causing
her this pain. No moral justice just pure and simple revenge.

Her eyes took an intense glow as she felt herself slipping and yelled out.

"*Hellfire*!"

The intensity of the attack took on a different appearance. The
overwhelming glow diminished but the attack's strength increased. The
flames that were pure white in glow became a mixture of black and white
as the raging fire began turning everything around it into ashes.

Alruin who was already suffering burns from simple proximity felt the
heat increase once again. This time the discomfort became unbearable as
there was finally a definitive pain he could feel from the fire's in
front of him. He held back his voice but it was slowly eating away at
his body.

Almost in a blink of an eye the flames vanished altogether. The heat
elevation remained from her attack but the increasing damage Alruin was
receiving stopped. He opened his eyes and looked around only to see Sayu
on the ground, barely holding onto her sword. Her glow had taken on a
slightly different appearance and instead of just having the light glow
around there was semblance of a dark energy surrounding her.

She gulped down and grasped onto her chest as a pain struck her core.

An angel of any class who turns to using powers on the opposite nature
would generally have this happen to them. She knew this but had not held
herself back. The only reason why she resorted to this was from this
arousal of new emotions she felt inside her.

She stumbled upwards as her glow completely dissipated.

Before her was now just a large area of black burned ground. Its
appearance was similar to that of the sky's dark night when there were
no stars visible.

"K-kami's going to throw me out...of Heaven for this..." she said simply
laughing at her own comment.

In truth the only reason why she even knew how to use such a power was
because of Kami and his sister. Had she not been around them for so long
she would have to resort to becoming a fallen angel before being able to
use any of those types of moves. Luckily the effects would only be
temporarily and she could return to herself with some rest and time.

The grip that held Alruin in place loosen as he stumbled forward. He was
free to move now which he assumed mean that Sayu had finished off Y, or
at least, hurt him enough to break him free.

His only worry now was her well-being.

"L-lady Sayu, are you okay?" he asked sprinting towards her.

She seemed tired but pleasantly happy at the same time. She lifted her
face and smiled a little. The pain she was feeling began quelling inside
her, which gave her peace of mind.

"I believe I understand the human concept of revenge now."

Alruin took note of what she said but decided it would be better to ask
her about it later.

"You need to rest, you were gravely injured before this you-"

The wound where the sword had left its mark was gone. It was as though
it had been healed entirely. There were no signs of her injury or off
anything that had caused her to die. Infact, how was it that she was
alive after that?

"Lady Sayu please, sit and rest for a bit. You've pushed yourself."

She nodded her head slightly and drop to the ground. The thud sound was
the only thing that had made a noise besides her breathing. The city
itself seemed to have grown silent as though the shadows had vanished as
well.

Alruin felt the pain from his burns as he made the slightest of moves
but decided not to make a big deal out of it.

Sayu on the other hand seemed somewhat pleased with herself. This was
the first time since she got to this Universe that she felt truly happy
on her own. Usually Kami would have to be there to relieve her misery.

"How did you manage to...beat him so easily your strength is not on par
from my own and definitely not his."

She frowned at him and closed her eyes as she lifted her chest.

"We angels are equipped with gear making us the best even in even
fights. My sword itself in your world gives me 300% increase damage from
my Fire Attacks. [Searing Geyser] is at max level and [Holy Fire] adds a
500% damage if used on top of another fire attack [Hellfire], although
only at Level 1 at this moment gave me an additional 50% damage on fire.
I also have an increase in Holy Attacks due to my passive from being an
Archangel Class. [Holy Fire] is a dual element skills Fire/Holy giving
it a stronger boost. I basically added 3 fire attacks on top of him and
increased the overall damage of my attack. I should easily be able to
beat anyone 10 times stronger than myself if I can get them in my
combo." she boasted proudly.

Since she arrived, she researched exactly how her abilities would mix
and match with each other. From what she could tell her main source of
strength would come from Fire Attacks even though she could use Holy
Attacks as well. She had watched Kami play games for what felt like an
eternity and all that time she had carefully analyzed all his game play
and multiple combat systems. She felt as though it was a sin to even
think of this, but she was sure she could do a better job at playing
games than Kami himself.

Although she never even touched one, once she was forced to be in this
Universe until Kami chooses to leave, she found herself learning
everything she could about her stats and power-ups and came to the
conclusion that this was generally a good combo. It was slow but
considering the overwhelming percentage boost in damage from doing it,
she could kill anything if the enemy dropped their guard.

Alruin stared at Sayu in disbelief. This girl's use of the Fire Element
reminded him of one of his old masters, the Grand Hero Ausra. Even so he
couldn't help but feel that with enough time, Sayu would overlap her
strength without even trying.

He chuckled as he sat next to her and lowered his head.

The feeling of guilt and languishment were no longer there. Perhaps it
was his destiny to meet this girl in this most inopportune of times.

"H-holy shit no way!" there was a loud voice from the back that caught
their attention.

They turned to it only to find a half beaten up Hiromichi. His face
looked almost unrecognizable from the bruises and his armor was torn
revealing his chest which had deep cuts in it. He looked as though he
was barely holding it together but somehow at the same time his face lit
up when he saw Sayu.

"Y-you son of a bitch do you understand what the hell I was going to
have to tell Kami?! I-you-god damnit!"

Sayu stood up and shook her hair as she proudly looked away.

"Refrain from using the Creators name in such a manner when speaking
such vu-h-hey!"

Hiromichi had run up to her and drawn her into his large arms. He had
tears rolling down what appeared to be his eyes.

"I'll kill you myself next time you bust some shit like that you hear
me!" he yelled out menacingly at Sayu.

"L-let go you disgusting ape! Y-you smell bad, let go!" she said pushing
him away.

Hiromichi who was driven by his emotional state stumbled back but
immediately returned and grabbed Sayu under his arms again.

Alruin simply chuckled as he stared up at the sky. This had been the
most peaceful and happiest moment he found despite it being in the
middle of an assault.

Perhaps the Gods did have a plan for him after all.

