
Kami jumped down towards the sewer entrance he had found. This was the
location the vampire girl had spoken off. He had come by himself after
making a false plan with Drairgun about where they should head next to
clear and find more information. Obviously, he knew where to go already
but he didn't want Drairgun to go all nuts and kill everything on sight
again.

/That's not true I just want the EXP for myself...so I say.
/

Yes, this was the true reason why he had decided to mislead Drairgun. He
would find this Queen and force her to submit or suffer death at his
hands. Of course, when she denied his kind gesture then and only then
would he take her life.

/Ahhh why does killing humans or such get me so worked up. It should be
easier considering how many times I do it in games. I've also literally
killed people in the past for the silliest reasons. Is that why I'm
second guessing killing them? Eh, a bridge we'll cross when I find her. /

He looked around the dripping wet walls of the sewer trying to find any
signs of where he should go next. There was really only two ways he
could go both looked the exact same.

He turned his head back and forth looking between both paths for a while.

Fifty-fifty, a game of chance, Thief should really be here I'm sure it
would increase my odds.

Without further hesitation he ran forward deciding it was better than to
just sit here and wait. There were a few other thoughts going through
his mind as he looked for any signs of enemies.

/If it's true Alzel is being attack my best approach is to clean up the
attack here first and then move onto Alzel. I have faith in Sayu but I
don't want to end up finding out I was wrong. I doubt she'll be dying
due to her immortality but it doesn't mean she'll have the strength to
beat whoever is attacking. Hmmm, I'll feel guilty if something were to
happen to her or the others while I'm away. /

He felt a lump on his throat at the thought of Sayu dying. Although he
didn't express it as much Sayu was probably the closest being he had.
Kami had been mistreating her lately just to go off and skip around this
Universe doing what he wanted.

A sharp pain filled his chest and he continued to advance further in.

/I owe her an apology as well...I'm not being considerate what so ever.
I've apologized more times my time here than I ever had in my entire
existence. Ahhh, just hold on a bit Sayu I won't let you leave my side
after this. /

Kami smiled as he drew a sword from thin air and lunged it towards the
thin air in front of him.

There was a short gasp as a figure appeared. It was a vampire, shocked
that he had been so easily spotted in his stealth mode. The sword
crossed his shoulder avoiding any vital organs but dealing enough damage
to leave him at the verge of death.

"Detect. Why did I forget about this?"

He removed the sword from the vampire that fell on the ground in fear as
he smacked his hand against the water.

"Lightning Current!"

There was a blast of bolts that spread across the waters in front of
him. A multitude of figures appeared as they let out a yell of pain and
fell to the waters paralyzed from the shock.

He shook his hand and stared blankly at it.

/That's poo water I just touched...No time, let's go! /

He ran past the figures as they groaned in pain.

There would be no further deaths here until he could get to their
so-called Queen and at least try to speak to her. He had been thinking
about the kind of Hero he wanted to be hard for some time now.

At first the idea of going around adventuring drew him in. This was
still true, he wanted to go around, being a Hero and finding new
locations but at the same time it wasn't as much about being in front of
everyone like a display anymore. There was still some thinking about
where he was heading with this whole thing but naturally his initial
concept since he got here nearly three weeks ago had changed a bit.

He raised his hand towards the seemingly empty area ahead of him and
yelled out.

"*Water Expulsion.*"

A large gush of water erupted and was sent forward once again revealing
a multitude of figures in stealth. They were left between astonished and
confused as they were dragged away by the sudden large explosion of water.

I've seen all their stats so far and none of them are even remotely
strong enough to be considered a leader. Ahhh what a strange way to set
up look outs I have to say. Well, at least it makes it easier for me to
deal with them without having to hurt them too much.

The path continued to stretch for some time. It wasn't long before the
walls twisted a bit reveling a much larger area in front of him. It was
mostly dark but there was some light that seemed to make their in from
the small openings on the ceiling on top.

That looks like a boss room, that's a boss room.

He rushed into the area only to notice a large shirtless vampire that
appeared to reach the top of the ceiling. His body was covered in purple
vein like lines that made his already ashy white skin look less
appealing. His grin extended across his face almost leaving little room
for other details of his face like his none existant nose or small
dubious red glowing eyes. He was like a giant who had been trapped down
here waiting for someone to challenge.

Yup it's a boss, don't have time for this have to make it fast!

The giant vampire gurgled some unintelligible noises as it raised its
large muscular arms.

Kami on the other hand didn't make an attempt to stop what so ever. He
rushed the large beast in front of him with a clenched fist and hit his
stomach with enough force to force him to his knees.

"UGH!" exclaimed the large creature submitting itself to the pain.

Kami ran past the room the find himself in the same looking corridor as
before. He snapped his fingers as he went past the room. A barrier made
of energy appeared behind him to make sure the giant or no one else
would be able to make their way past that area.

Always wonder how they get those kinds of enemies through small spaces
like this. Don't think that giant would even fit his entire arm through
the corridor much less himself.

He was in a hurry. Kami wanted to make his way to Alzel as fast as
possible. This was now a timed quest for him and he was running short on
it.

It was only a couple yards more as he noticed a barrier, similar to the
one he had placed behind him when running past the boss-like monster.
The colors were darker and it had a more menacing aura emitting from it
but a barrier nonetheless.

"Ha! Simple!" he shouted out channeling his inner Hiromichi.

He tighten his fist and jumped with full momentum towards the barrier.
He swung his fist at full might towards the barrier instantly breaking
it and releasing an excessive amount of force inside the room.

There were more than a couple of vampires in there that were shocked and
thrown back simply by the force applied through his jump. In fact, most
of them were blown away without any time to react as though they were
leaves being tossed around by the mighty wind.

One person though stood still, taking the full front of the attack with
little problem. It was a woman, her crimson eyes staring directly into
Kami into the fiber of his being.

He landed on his feet and snapped his fingers. A second barrier like the
first one he had used appeared behind the female, separating her from
her allies. Now it was just Kami and her who could be making any
negotiations.

She seemed unfazed by his sudden appearance, in fact, in Kami's opinion
she didn't look quite lively about it.

Kami couldn't help but hold in a small chuckle at his own joke. It was
stupid but fitting of the situation somehow.

He looked at her, hoping to get a response but at some point, she began
reminding him of a statue. There was no movement indicating that their
would be a retalliation or even a word of exchange between them.

I made my way in here so quick I didn't even think of anything to say
when I made it to her. She is the Queen of the Vampires if I'm correct.

Kami took the liberty of checking out her stats since it didn't appear
there would be any talking of sorts for a bit.

*[Status Bar] *

Name: *Elizabeth [ ] *

LVL: 48

EXP: 95641/96000

Title: /Submissive Trophy Queen /

Class: Master Vampire

HP: 44098/44098

Stamina: 34176/34176

Mana: 34879/34879

Strength 38237

Endurance: 36004

Intelligence: 38521

Dexterity: 38686

Charisma: 37436

Wisdom: 34113

/I'm just going to ignore the title from now on. What's with her name I
wonder, that's a bit weird. Her stats are pretty high too considering
her level. If she has any buff skills or if she has the same ability to
drain HP as the other vampires do then I should probably avoid having
her touch me. /

She clicked her tongue and frowned finally speaking after a long silence.

"That explains why you were such a threat to those other Gods...you're a
God yourself. Your stats are also through the roof, higher than mines by
a margin."

Her voice carried a certain charm to it, similar to how Kami's felt when
he activated his Unique Stat. It didn't seem to affect him what so ever
but the vampires around her loosened up and became more tranquil at
hearing her speak.

Kami was happy to hear that she seemed like a reasonable person. Instead
of coming straight out and trying to attack him or start threatening him
with death and what so not, she had taken her own time to analyze his
strength and assess the situation.

"I thought you were a Hero, your motives seemed almost understandable.
After all we've killed a few of the mortals up there at this point. This
turns the tables around, why is a God personally involving himself?" she
asked curiously.

Kami smiled brightly once again. She was definitely not a mindless
monster she couldn't negotiate with, so perhaps there was some hope. It
was a bit surprising how there was little reaction on her referring to
him as a God like it was something she dealt with daily.

"That's a bit silly to ask, why would I let you hurt them just cause I'm
a God? You clearly know I've been helping others out since you thought I
was a Hero, wouldn't my actions be justified even now?"

She thought it over for a moment before nodding her head.

"Yes, yes indeed. So you want to slay me now and stop the attack God?"

It would appear that way. He was clearly stronger than her, anyone with
that information would assume he would just try to kill her off and fend
off the vampires. Still she didn't see the big picture at least.

"I simply came to talk, for now I mean. All depends where this goes. If
you call back your attack then I don't think we need to escalate things."

She frowned again a certain sadness filling her eyes.

"I can't."

"Hmmm..."

The room grew quiet once more.

Elizabeth tensed up, bracing herself for the incoming disaster. From
personal experience, denying a God something tended to result in
something going really bad. It was always best to accept their requests
and do what they needed you to do. It saved time and lives. Still, this
was not possible as of this moment, since she was sure the God who made
this request of her, to attack and keep this Kami in the city for as
long as possible, was much stronger than him.

Her fingers twitched, her eyes locked in a /death match/ with Kami's.
Time felt slow around them as though everything had stopped mattering.
She lacked a heartbeat but she imagined that this would probably be
causing her a heart attack right about now.

To her surprise Kami simply shrugged and spoke.

"Are you sure I can't convince you somehow, I would rather not have to
kill you guys. I've been leaving your allies alive mostly along the way.
Except those more monster-like ones. They seemed too far gone for my
words to actually mean anything to them."

She knew the ones he was talking about. Those were the bottom of the
vampire class. Basically, second to failures who had been turned to
vampires but lacked any intelligence when it came to making a reasonable
choice. They were driven by hunger and instinct. Their numbers were
large only because of the experiments that had been taken place. They
were mostly expendable but at the same time, she felt the loss of her
kind even the most basic and mindless ones.

Yet, she felt taken a back and thankful to Kami for doing such a thing.
Just the fact that he had considered leaving them alive at some point
was something she never expected of a Hero or mortal, much less a God.
More so, if he was telling the truth, a lot of those she considered dead
might still be alive if they had been fortunate enough to cross paths
with him and not someone else.

She bit her lip gently, her fangs sinking into them revealing a small
quantity of blood. Elizabeth felt a semblance of hope that maybe this
God could rescue them from her bonds, but quickly shut them down. It was
crazy thinking that simply because he spared their lives that he would
also grant them protection and a haven from the God of Calamity.

"I'm sorry, but I can't."

With those words she raised her hands and prepared herself for a fight.
Her fingernails sharpened as an dreary dark and red tinted aura
surrounded the room. This was a fight for her life, and if she kept her
guard up it would be easy to defeat him, despite his nature.

It wasn't common for a God to offer the same deal twice, and much less
common for someone to deny them twice as well. Whatever came next, would
be a storm for her insolence.

