
Kami could feel the pressure of her strength filling the room. There was
no more room for talk from what he could tell. In his mind though, the
way she worded herself and by her demeanor, her heart wasn't completely
in it. This genuinely felt like it was the only choice given to her.
Even so, if he was playing by that logic, the only choice he had left
now was to kill her.

He shrugged and kept his posture, waiting for her to make the first strike.

/It's a shame. Well, at least she'll give me some EXP. Although if she's
this confident going into a fight with me, she probably has a way to
win. I should observe her closely and make sure to keep my distance.
Considering I don't know if they she has the same HP Drain ability, it's
just safe to assume that close combat could end up biting me in the neck. /

A smile spread through his face once again at his own joke. At this
point he realized it was almost lame but he couldn't help himself.

Elizabeth, who had been mentally preparing herself for him to strike
almost lost footing when a smile came to his face.

"/Is he mocking me? Or does he think this isn't a serious fight? No, he
saw my stats and is probably aware that I have something up my sleeve.
My lack of fear probably gave it away, n-now what? Do I attack? If I do,
his thoughts would only be confirmed, I should wait and see./" she
thought to herself

Her mind raised with thousands of possibilities about the outcomes. Her
next move was an essential one and she had to make it count.

/Hmmm, what is she waiting for? Could it be she's actually scared but
was putting up a front? That doesn't sound right her stats are too close
to my own for it to be that way. She probably wants me to make the first
move. What is she up to? /

The intensity of the situation increased as they stared at each other.
They went back and forth in their heads about the possibilities and who
should make the first move. By the end of the first ten minutes both of
them had barely moved a finger.

The vampires who had recovered from Kami's attack at this point and
where staring at them all along, had grown impatient. They began hissing
and booing, waiting for someone to make a move.

"Get it done with already!"

"This is pathetic, our Queen lacks the proper blood to make her strike,
down with the Queen!"

"Here I was beginning to think differently of her, taking on a God, but
look at her, scared and all."

The harsh comments continued as they vampires around them grew restless.
Most of them were directed at Elizabeth making her grow impatient with
her kind.

"Shut up!"

"Be quiet."

The air around the vampires grew heavy as every vampire in the area lost
their voice.

Both Kami and Elizabeth had used their influence over the vampires to
keep them in line at the same time. It struck them as curious seeing
them use their strength in such manner.

They looked at each other again almost satisfied with their handy work.

Elizabeth was stunned to see that Kami had a power similar to her own,
thought she was unaware of its limits. She could influence the vampires
around her only, and no one else. Her charm skills could work on others
but passively she could only influence her own kind. Kami though seemed
to be wider range, considering she felt the strike of his words. She was
able to tell they were not directed at her, so they didn't affect her,
but even so just the overwhelming power behind them almost made her mute.

She forgot for a second that they were enemies and shared a moment of
peace with him before regaining her animosity.

Kami on the other hand, who had grown even more interested in her simply
continued to smile. This, however was getting them nowhere. He would
finish this with one move.

"*Sanctity Might*"

It was as though the Heaven's themselves had descended down into the
sewers. The ceiling above them turned hazy revealing a large city in the
clouds. There was a choir of voices that steadily increased in volume.
There was a small light in the center of it all, directly above what
looked like a blue clear sky that began growing in size. The light gave
a warm and harmonious-like aura.

Elizabeth dropped her arms to her side as she witnessed this scenario
above her. Never in all her life would she have imagined a place like
this existed. Even more so, the gentle atmosphere that came from this
brought her to her knees. This was unlike anything she experienced
before and all she could do was stare at it.

The other vampires who had also been observing the golden city appear in
front of their very eyes had a similar expression. They also dropped to
their knees but almost in a worshipping-like manner. What kind of God
could bring forth such a world to their eyes if not one worthy of their
praise?

Through their muteness, Kami could sense their silent praises and prayers.

"Enjoying the view?" he asked Elizabeth who gawked at the city her mouth
wide open.

"I-it's..beautiful..." she replied without taking her eyes off it.

"Hmmm, yes, true. There's a story behind this city you see. It was a
place build by some otherworldly Gods from scratch. It was meant to be
their home, a place they could live above mortals, where their divinity
would never reach their eyes. They say, that when a mortal sees the
beauty of this city, they are struck down by the very same might of
those Gods as punishment."

The choir intensified growing louder by every passing moment. The light
that had initially brought peace to the heart of the vampires began
growing in size taking a much bigger form, like the intensity of the sun.

Elizabeth realized what was happening and snapped out of her hypnotic
state.

The other vampires though, despite hearing and connecting the dots,
could do nothing more than continue their praising and admiration.

"S-stop, run!" Elizabeth commanded with no avail.

Her words reached their minds but their hearts and souls continue to
declare the marvel in front of them as their only source direction.

She turned her attention to Kami, her eyes gleaming with a mixture of
anger and panic.

Kami shrugged and smiled feeling satisfied with his solution to the
problem.

"It takes some time to activate. To be truthful, I had to make it
awfully weaker as well. Using this at full power could potentially blow
up more than just this city. I'll let you in on something. If you can
stop the caster on his tracks, then it shouldn't take off."

That was all she needed to hear as she raised her hand at him. From her
on out, it was a battle against time to save the others.

"*Sanguine Lance*!"

A large quantity of blood oozed out at high speed from her arm as it
took shape into lance-like spears that floated around her. They directed
themselves at Kami and flung at him with a gush sound effect.

They were fast, much faster than any attack Kami had come across yet. He
moved his body out of the way from each of the attacks keeping a close
eye on each one of them.

/W-wow these things are actually getting pretty close. /

His focus on the lances distracted him from seeing Elizabeth appear
behind him and in a moment of desperation, reached out towards him.

Kami's quick reflexes allowed him to spin just in time and grab a hold
of her arm before she could reach.

Her eyes turned from a moment of anger to fear as Kami pulled on her
arm, forcing her to a closer proximity and flicked her forehead.

This had grown to be something he enjoyed doing since it felt fun and
unexpected by most. More importantly, no one thought that a simple flick
on the forehead would be enough to cause any harm.

The small flick caused her to stumble back onto the floor. Her view span
around the room for a while but she soon recovered from her state.
Elizabeth felt a small dribble of blood from where Kami had struck her
forehead.

Kami jumped back, a few meters away to make sure that the space between
them wouldn't allow for an attack.

"I won't use a single other skill of my own free will besides punching,
kicking, and anything in between. You have my word, but you're running
out of time" he said pointing towards the ceiling.

She stood up slightly dazed but otherwise unaffected. Her time was
running out for sure, what was she thinking using small distractions and
sneak attacks like this. If he wanted to go all out with one attack, she
would have to put all her strength on her next attacks.

Elizabeth hoped he was speaking the truth because otherwise it would
still be difficult to come out on top otherwise. Her only expectation
now was to depend that  Kami was going to keep his word and not do
something to stop her attacks.

The dreary aura surrounded her once more as it twisted and turned,
slowly edging itself towards her. It slowly carved its way into her body
making a sizzling sound as if her very skin was burning. The energy
began covering her body and slowly attached itself to her skin. A
cracking and breaking of bones echoed across the sewers as a pair of
dark blood dripping wings sprouted from her back. The energy itself
covered her clothing slowly burning it off her and once again took on a
leather like appearance. Her fangs grew in size and her eyes took on a
more animalistic nature.

Kami looked in awe and the process that was currently happening to her.
She still had a human figured but had a more demonic look. Although this
form to some extent was a bit more revealing in certain parts. For
example, her original covered chest area was now more exposed leaving
the center of breasts open for some wild guesses. Secondly, her more
loose type clothing was replaced and apparently burned off by her energy
becoming a skin-tight suit which showed a much more woman side to her
appearance; curves and posture being among some of them.

He felt a bit excited but not because of her appearance but because of
her transformation. Generally, this would mean she has had some form of
power-up that would amaze him in some way or another.

/I'm assuming this is some form of transformation. Otherwise if she was
trying to seduce me with the whole look, I'm afraid she has some bad
news coming. /

That was all he was able to think before he felt himself being pushed
back by the force of her screeching.

She was letting out a heavy hollow that he couldn't withstand.

He slid back at the force and tried to stay on his feet with all his
strength.

/What was that? That's definitely a transformation. She's oozing out
energy now left and right! /

Elizabeth flapped her wings, causing a storm of air in the small tight
area where they stood. Her figure rose into the air as she spoke.

"*Tenebrous Grounds*!"

The field around them grew dark, almost masking the light of Kami's
attack. It felt like a mix of light and darkness coming together into
one single room.

Her wings extended as she lifted her arm and swiftly struck into the air.

Kami's impulse caused him to dodge without warning. Right where he had
stood her arm appeared from within a dark small portal. His heart raced
at the thought that having that hit him would normally result in a
serious injury.

Elizabeth didn't look finished yet. She raised her finger towards Kami
who was still midst dodging with her hand that was just a few inches
away from him.

"*Origin Impulse*"

Kami had little idea what hit him as he was sent flying and tumbling
back into the ground. He didn't take long to recover as he jumped back
up mid tumble and turned his attention at Elizabeth.

/Well she's a lot stronger than I imagined. I felt that a bit, is it
really alright for me to not use another attack to fight her? /

Sanctity Might was still winding up, it wasn't going to be long before
it was ready but considering her sudden increase in strength, it was
more than possible she could stop him in time if he restricted himself
to simply punching her.

He smiled and lifted his hand towards the emptiness in front of him and
released a punch.

Elizabeth was suddenly thrown face flat into the ground by Kami's fist
that had appeared behind her.

"Tch...what hit me?"

Kami pulled his fist from the small portal of darkness and smiled.

"I never said anything about not using your own skill against you though."

"You're saying a God of Holy Skills can also use my Dark Skill Tenebrous
Grounds?" she asked standing up from the ground, completely unharmed
from his attack.

"Dark, Holy, Good, and Bad, I'm All-Powerful, I can do it all." he
boasted confidently.

Tenebrous Ground was an area effect ability that allowed the use of
teleportation within its own grounds using the darkness around them as a
medium. Anyone that is capable of using it can do so even if they are
not the caster. It had other effects she didn't have time to try out now
that she learned of Kami's ability to use it as well.

"I-it doesn't matter! As long as you restrict yourself to punching and
kicking, I can always beat you in time! In fact, I bet using that attack
is limiting you from using any other skill!"

"You're losing your grip on reality a bit here How could you say
something stupid?"

She stumbled backed shocked at his harsh words. He was right though
without a doubt.

Kami was indeed holding back on purpose and not because he didn't have
another choice. He was still going easy on her, giving her a chance to
survive his attack.

Elizabeth stared at the city once more above her and saw the large
glowing ball of light. It was almost covering up everything, including
the city itself. For a second there she almost lost herself in the
marvelous display before shaking off the feeling.

"Enough then!" She raised herself once more onto the air.

Her Tenebrous Grounds vanished, just to make sure Kami didn't have a way
to hit her again.

She lifted her arms towards the air, preparing her final attack. This
would drain all her energy and force her back into her normal state. She
had hoped to weaken him a bit before using it to make sure he would die,
but now she was running out of options.

The energy that had tighten itself against her skin began dissipating
slowly as it all channeled towards her arms. The intensity of the
strength required to maintain this attack almost crushed her hands
making her squint in pain. She felt as her resources drained through her
body and into the attacks.

"*Nobris Spawn Vorpal Blades*!"

There was a sudden tearing of space around them as a multitude of
slashes appeared around Kami. They were pitch black, with absence of any
color or light in them. The slashes were spatial tears from what Kami
could see which surprised him.

Being able to create tears within ones own Universe as a form of attack
was indeed a scary thing considering being hit by them would normal tear
the person apart. Of course, he wasn't a normal person.

He raised his arms towards the blades almost out of pure intuition.

Elizabeth crunched her teeth and frowned her eyebrows in frustration.

"/Just like any other God, he's going to break his word and get his
way.../"her mind echoed in defeat.

She was unsurprised by the sudden change in his mentality. This might
not kill him, but it would leave him near his death for sure. There was
no need for Kami to take the full attack if he had a way to stop it.
However, she couldn't help but feel anger towards him for doing so. Even
though she had thought slightly different of him from the others when
pushed to a corner he would back out just like the rest. His word was as
useless as the God of Calamity's. Even so she had to obey now or her
kind would suffer.

However, Kami simply smiled and blocked the incoming blades.

"You got me."

The attacks struck directly at him as Kami vanished behind the barrage
of attacks. The explosion caused the barrier that he had casted to
become fractured and eventually break.

Elizabeth was awestruck at seeing him actually taking the attack head on
as she dropped onto the ground. This was it for her, she had expended
all her energy on this attack.

Nobris Spawn Vorpal Blades allowed an infinite amount of energy to be
channeled towards it in order to increase the effectiveness. By
infinite, it meant, as much as the wielder can give. The more energy and
resources you put into it, the stronger it would get.

The explosion suddenly erupted becoming bigger and covering the entire
arena with a layer of dust and smoke as a display of dark glowing energy
consumed the wave of radiance produced by Kami's attack.

The vampires, who's vision was now obscured looked around in shock. They
had not been keeping track of the fight in front of them but they were
well aware that it was happening. With their recovery came a wave of
relieve at seeing that their Queen had managed to fend of the attack of
the God.

They raised themselves from the ground they had been worshiping and made
small talk about their well-being.

Elizabeth felt herself growing weaker as any remained strength began
leaving her body. When she meant she used all her energy, she meant it
everything, including her HP. This meant her time was now limited and
the only end to her would be certain death.

Still she smiled lightly and looked back at her fellow vampires through
the smoke.

"At least this way, I'm free from that mad God and I died protecting my
kind."

This was a fulfilling end for her. She didn't need to continue her life
from this point or whatever was left of it. They buzzed unaware of the
current state in which she was.

However for the first time she heard them giving out some semblance of
praises in her name.

"She actually saved us from that God."

"Y-yeah I didn't think she would pull it off but here we are, alive
because of her."

"Not bad leader, not bad."

There was a moment of cheering among the vampires before they froze in
place. They had a large bell go off, signaling the arrival of something
horrifying.

The very sound created an air current that cleared off all the smoke,
revealing the golden city on the roof still there. The image no longer
felt like it had at first, it was now a vision of their impending doom.

Elizabeth frantically looked towards where Kami had been standing.
Before she managed to see if he was still standing there at all a
blinding burst of light forced her to close her eyes. With the last bit
of life she had left she raised her hand towards where she believed him
to be and a small whisper escaped her mouth.

"Spare them..."

The attack went off covering the enclosure in light. The light
continued, moving through every crevice of the sewers, leaving no
opening without its splendor. Those who had been previously spared by
Kami were struck with the effect leaving no traces of them being there
to begin with. The light continued on its path, sparring no enemy,
treating all with the same punishment as those who had been standing
before it. The choir continued its ascending tone as everyone within its
distance was turn into dust leaving no vampire in the sewers alive.

