
Elizabeth gasped for air for what felt like the first time in forever.
Her eyes adjusted to the dim light in front of her. She was laying down
on the ground, her sight taking focus on the stone above her. A sudden
shift in noise made her look to the side only to find Kami, sitting next
to her.

She panicked springing up to her feet and looking around. The place
where she stood was where she had last felt the descending light that
had killed all her kind. It was intact, as though the light had only
affected those with a life to lose and not these walls. Her confusion
rose as she realized she should be dead. Even if Kami's attack didn't
finish her off somehow, her own sacrifice should have done the job.

She looked down at him, smiling as he had been this whole time.

There were no signs of him being hurt or damaged what so ever. Had her
attack done nothing to him?

"How are you holding up?"

The question further bewildered her. Had this not been the God who had
wanted to strike her down beforehand. What was with the sudden question
of care?

"W-where is everyone?" she asked

"Dead of course."

Her chest was struck like a blade piercing her heart. She stumbled back
onto the ground and felt an overwhelming dread crawl through her body.
Everything she had done so far was for them, it was to keep them safe,
from being killed or hunted down by Heroes or adventurers. To make a
safe haven they could call home without fear of their lives being at
risk at any point. Now in one single bat of an eye, it was all gone. Her
own coven, dead.

"..."

Kami stared at her, amused at her reaction.

This was an interesting predicament he found himself in. He wanted to
see where it would go.

"Why am I here...." she asked indifferently.

The pain began to turn into a numb coat that send shivers down her
spine. The question was irrelevant, it was just a reflex at this point.

Kami remained silent, his gaze never leaving her face.

"I asked...why am I here...w-why are they dead...and why am I here?!"

Her voice gained a feeling of anger towards him. This God had come into
her life and ruined everything. He had taken everything she worked hard
to save and completely thrown it all away. What else did he want with her?

His response, a simple shrug.

She felt herself lose it as she reached out to him. Her strength felt
like it had waned but this didn't stop her from trying to choke him out.

Kami moved like a feather as he jumped up from his sitting position only
to gently hit the ground with his feet.

There was a pulsing fire sensation that hit her face, her eyes burned
with the hot liquid of tears that she couldn't hold back. The pain
resurged again reopening the fresh wound inside.

She screamed out in tears at the God who mocked her, the God who would
not leave her be. His silent stare burned into her head demoralizing any
attempt she made at redemption.

This came as a surprise to her as she felt his warm hand touch her head.
It was like electricity flowing through her body. The pain she had felt
diminished and her hatred vanished entirely. The very presence of this
being who just a few moments ago, she loathed, was causing her some
comfort.

With these new-found feelings a new hatred rose as well, one for
herself. One where she hated that she was weak enough to allow this to
happen. One where she regretted forming an alliance with the Gods of the
Abyss. One where she wished she had taken the generous offer he had
given her.

She glanced over at Kami and saw his warm smile shining down at her.
What had made this God descend down to her and see her not as an enemy,
but as someone who needed help. Was this why she was alive right now?
The mercy of one God who showed compassion towards her, a detestable
creature of the night?

No, this was not the way of the world. She shook his hand off her and
sniffed. Her nose was stuffy and her eyes watery with tears.

Kami looked around for a bit, as if checking to see if anyone was there.

"How are you holding up?" he asked once more.

"...Terrible..." she replied.

"Ahhh, well, the revival process might work a little different here so
you might not be all there just yet. Although I can't say I've seen it
do any side effects so I'm probably just making it up"

"R-revival."

"Yeah, I brought you back to life, remember the light?" he said

The way he spoke was as if it was a simple matter of waving his hands.
Reviving someone from the dead, especially one who is an undead to begin
with is rare thing. Only one or two powerful being out there could
achieve such a feat, and even then, there were consequences to their
action. Usually a revival would mean the revived person would lose a
large amount of their stats or even be a fracture of their normal
selves. By the looks of it though, she was completely fine, unaffected,
at all. Despite her weaken state right now, her stats looked fine and
her persona was all there.

"T-that's not possible, reviving someone takes great amounts of power
even Gods from Celestia or the Abyss would find it hard to do it so
easily."

Kami shrugged and pointed at her.

"You're here, right?"

She bit her lip once again agreeing with him. The fact that she had been
brought to life was undisputable. Even if she believed she didn't die
from his attack, her own attack had definitely assured her death.
Something had to bring her back to life.

She looked down at herself only to turn bright red. She realized now
that she had been naked all along. Her entire body was in display for
this guy to look at. Her heart raced as she lifted her arm.

Kami grabbed onto her wrist before she managed to even make a noise and
shook his head.

"None of that, this is your own doing."

Again, he was right. When she had used her transformation state the
energy had burned off all her clothing. If she was naked it was because
of her choice. Still, wasn't it possible for him to cover her up before
she woke up or something?

"My choices..." she thought to herself.

Although the pain of her kind being dead still stung a part of her felt
like she was realizing something. All this time she had allowed herself
to be pushed by those higher than her. Sure, she had done it with the
excuse of protecting her kind but she felt she understood why they
always hated her now. Someone who is so easy to use is not worthy of
being a leader.

Now there was only one question.

"What do you want from me?"

Kami dropped her hand and smiled.

"Nothing, it just didn't feel right killing off someone who didn't have
it out for me."

She looked flustered but knew he was right once again.

"That's why you brought me back to life...should have just left me dead."

"You are dead, technically."

"...What now?"

"Hmmm, well I was thinking. I could bring your whole kind that was
killed here back to life. I'm sure there are others out there, still in
the city, but seeing so many of them dead seemed to get you a bit
emotional."

There was a ringing sound that echoed through her ears when she heard
him say this. Would he so easily be able to bring back all those he had
killed? One was already a miracle, but all of them? This kind of power
must come at a price, it's not everyday someone comes in offering to
bring an entire coven of vampires back to life.

She looked up filled with hope, discarding her previous line of thinking.

"What do you want me to do?"

Kami sighed as he looked directly at her.

"You haven't learned, have you?"

His words hit her heart like a sharp arrow. He didn't want anything from
her. He wasn't doing this to get something in return. All he wanted was
to help her out. A God who selflessly gives but expects nothing back.
Could this be one worth following?

"I don't think it's fair either... if you were to give me everything
back..."

"Really? Well how about I just ask for some gold and call it even. 10
pieces of gold per person I revive, deal?"

"Person?" she thought

She could hardly believe what she was hearing. He really didn't want
anything in return. This was more like a hassle price to him to make her
feel better about things.

Elizabeth smiled as her eyes filled with tears again.

"Deal..."

Despite their initial hostility, she couldn't help but feel a sense of
warmth towards him. No one else would be willing to lend a hand like he
was, and not to this magnitude. However, if this was how he was going to
be about it, perhaps she could ask for one last thing.

"W-wait, before you start. I have...something to ask."

"Go on."

"My kind is consistently under attack by those unlike us. They see us as
evil creatures of the dark who must be eradicated from existence."

Kami looked around once more and tried a bad joke.

"It's probably because of all the blood sucking."

"...A-as I was saying, with this in mind, I had approached the God of
Calamity to provide safety for our kind. He agreed in exchange for me
lending our forces in his name. Eventually though I saw that this was a
wrong choice, but it was too late to second doubt myself. Now, however,
I don't want to return to being his pet. I want to stand strong as a
leader...but against those Gods...I can't by myself....so..." she looked
up at Kami as though expecting an immediate response.

"So you want me to help you? Is that not exactly what you just learned
not to do?"

"Y-yes but I know you are...a kind and... benevolent God who would never
ask anything of us in return..."

"So, you're taking advantage of me?" Kami asked with a dumbfound
expression.

Elizabeth began panicking from her lack of words. She was trying to make
good here but it just seemed to backfire every time.

"N-no listen I would be willing to give my life in servitude to you...
if you were to grant us your protection..."

"How is that any different than wh-"

"It's different because-! Because...it's just my life...I won't put
theirs in the balance...I make my own choices now and being a servant of
yours would benefit not just them but me as well."

Kami sighed deeply as he lost himself in thought.

/So, she's giving up on serving one God, to serve another. Well...I
guess I can understand, in this crazy world it seems like those without
a holy blessing or some divine intervention tend to suffer the most. Her
feeling at least seemed to have changed from someone who is forcing
herself into being someone's slave. /

"Alright fine but that's where I draw the line, reviving, 20 gold per
life, and protection."

"2-20 gold? Okay, fine, then shall we make this official?!"

Elizabeth looked ecstatic for the first time since he met her. She
looked to have a pessimistic attitude but underneath that she looked
like a happy go getter.

"Official?"

She nodded her head as a notification appeared in front of Kami's eyes.

[The Bonds of Blood and Servitude Pact has been requested, do you wish
to accept] [Y/N]

"What is this?"

"It's a Pact, that will tie me as your servant. It's my way of showing
that I won't go back on my side of the deal, and I will become a leader
worthy of leading my kind. I didn't even do this with the God of
Calamity...it's... only something you can do once for eternity...." she
said her face growing red.

/T-this seems like the opposite of that. Ah well if it'll make her
happy, I suppose...I have a soft spot when people ask me for help
anyway. Still, it feels like she didn't really learn anything. She
really is a submissive person, better me than some evil God I guess. /

He agreed to the Pact and waited for anything to appear. Nothing showed
up for a while as he stared blankly ahead.

"Are you sure this- what are you doing?"

Elizabeth had snuck up behind him without his notice, her soft breast
hitting his back as she leaned in and whispered.

"Take care of me..."

With that she took a lunging bite at Kami's neck.

