
*[Status Bar]*

Name: *Kami *

Lvl:30

EXP:29802/34000

Title:/God of All/Runaway God/

Class: God

HP: 58746/60000

Stamina: 60000/60000

Mana: 500/60000

Strength: 60000

Endurance: 60000

Intelligence: 60000

Dexterity: 60000

*Charisma: 30 *

Wisdom: 60000

/Some good EXP from that fight. I thought my stats might regress if I
revived everyone that died but I suppose it wouldn't make sense if it
did. I defeated them and then brought them back; feels like an
exploitable system. Then again, apparently not many can revive someone
to begin with. Ahhh, onto a scarier subject...
/



*[Status Bar] *

Name:*Elizabeth No Kami *

LVL: 48

EXP: 95641/96000

Title: /Submissive Trophy Queen /

Class: Master Vampire

HP: 44098/44098

Stamina: 34176/34176

Mana: 34879/34879

Strength 38237

Endurance: 36004

Intelligence: 38521

Dexterity: 38686

Charisma: 37436

Wisdom: 34113

"Care to explain why you have my name now?"

"Right, well, when a vampire becomes a servant, they take on the family
name of the now pronounced master. I believe since you don't have a
family name it defaulted me to 'no Kami'. A strange name if I may add,
m-master." she bowed while answering his question.

"And the bite?"

"To seal the pact. I need a sample of my master's blood for it to be
complete. Benefit wise, only time will tell what bonuses your blood
gives me master."

They stood outside the sewers behind a corridor next to the castle. The
city had grown calm now that the attacked had been called off and you
could make the sounds of people buzzing outside the city once more. It
all returned to normal quite fast but he wanted to set things straight
before he headed over to Alzel.

"Don't call me master."

"I can't help it, it's a side effect of the Servant pact."

"You didn't say it that time."

"It must be a periodic tic, master."

"Was that on purpose?"

"Yes"

"Stop that."

"If you wish, master."

Kami ignored the last bit of what she said. The better he played it off
the faster she would probably stop calling him that. He continued to
scroll past his stats and skills checking out every single last bit of
new additions he had. He had barely scratched the surface on a few and
was excited to try out the rest of what he got when he chose the God Class.

Elizabeth nudged at Kami for his attention.

He nodded his head letting her know it was okay to speak.

"How did you survive my attack...I was just wondering since-"

"You thought it would kill me?"

"I was hopeful."

"My passive. All-Mighty Resistance. I gained it when I achieved the God
Class. It was maxed out, lucky me if I do say so myself. I receive 95%
damage reduction from all abilities that take any form of Resistance
into account. Your Vorpal Blades skill never had a chance of damaging me
too much."

"Y-you achieved the God Class?"

"Is that strange?"

"N-yes! Does that mean you were a mortal before?"

"Well, if I was would it be strange?"

"It's strange even if you were not, God's don't tend to pick their
Class, they are born with it. A mortal can only ever hope to achieve
Ascended as a Class, the highest point of Divinity that can be reached
by them."

"So you, as a vampire, would be able to reach Godhood?"

"I- I'm not sure, it's never been done before, G-Gods are just...born
okay?"

"Got it."

"Anyway, that passive, it's unfair. In fact, that's completely absurd.
Of course, you would be confident about defeating me."

"Not true, had you used that Drain touch ability or something of that
nature it would have done full damage. That was probably your safest bet."

"Blood skills? Some do ignore resistances..."

Kami nodded his head in agreement. There was no longer any need for them
to fight now that everything had been settled. He had revived all her
fallen comrades and even created a different space within this Universe
just to serve as a Haven for the vampires while he thought of something
more adequate. Creating such a thing though drained a huge portion of
his Mana and had left him nearly depleted. Lucky for him, his increase
in stats also made sure his Mana was Regening at a faster rate.

"Well you know what to do right. As long as you stay in that pocket of
space there should be no problem. Try to do something about that thirst
problem though that doesn't involve hurting others."

"We will go back to our more discrete ways of dealing with it. Making
potions that serve as a substitute. They're not quite the delicious
treat that HP or blood provides."

Elizabeth said this as she glanced at Kami's neck. The bite marks where
she had taken his blood from were gone. This upset her a little, as she
had hoped to leave a small 'parting gift' of hers.

"If you ever need me, you will call, right?"

He shrugged and smiled at her.

The warm smile she had begun to grow accustom to; she found it strange
that she would miss it. Kami allowed her to do as she wished letting her
know the Servant Pact was just something, he didn't need to hold over
her. She was free to do as she wanted and would avoid using its powers.
The only time Elizabeth insisted on them being used was if he ever
needed her help. She would show up no matter from where to his side.

"Well then I'll be on my way, thank you again for everything, Kami." she
bowed once more and turned her back on him as she opened a portal.

"So, you don't hate me now?"

Elizabeth flinched at hearing this. Her realization that it was not him
that she hated but herself had shifted making her much friendlier
towards Kami in a fraction of a second. Of course, she didn't hate him
but she couldn't find a way to say it without sounding cheesy.

Kami had tied this pocket of space towards her, so she could freely come
and go. It was like a Link Skill between him and Elizabeth. She was
still unsure how to teach the others how to access this portal between
Tyr and this new pocket of space but she figured for now, staying away
from the mortal realm would be wise considering the God of Calamity
would want their heads along with some unwanted enemies.

As she was preparing to leave Kami gave a light chuckle.

"What happened to master, that was an awfully long time you spent not
saying it."

She hid her face and nodded her head.

"Until we meet again, master."

Just like that, Kami was alone. He looked over at the sky and noticed
that even the skies mood had gotten cheery. He decided it was time to
find Himari and give his thanks before making his arrival back at the city.

"Alright Drairgun what is it?"

He looked up at the top of the building next to him as a figure jumped
down from the roof. It was no other than the Draconian Hero and his
mighty presence. Drairgun looked down at him with a hard to read
expression.

Kami assumed he had a thing or two to say about what he just saw. He was
well aware Drairgun was there all along but was confident enough that he
wouldn't attack him or Elizabeth until he found out what was happening.

"For some time, I felt the presence of the enemy dwindle down, as if
they had been eradicated. Just short after though their presence
returned. May I ask what you were doing with that vampire...I've seen
her before...but I cannot summon the memory forth from where..."

"The Vampire Queen, yes. We struck a deal and there is no longer a need
to fight them. They pulled their troops and we dealt a blow on the God
of Calamity's forces. Win-Win if I do say so myself." he said proudly.

"God of Calamity? Where is the justice in that? You allowed them to
freely leave without any repercussion. I understand your sentiment of
wanting them to live despite the fact that I do not sympathize with it;
but the least you could do is make them pay for their crime, do you not
agree?"

"They did, with their lives. All payment has been processed."

Drairgun grew silent once more. His statement made no sense to him, and
he was prepared to hunt them down if they were still in the vicinity. He
turned his back on Kami preparing to check the surrounding areas for any
remaining threats. Still, he couldn't help but feel that Kami was a
different breed from the other Gods he had comed to know.

"You are a strange God, Kami...or perhaps I should say, Hero, is that
not what you wished to be called?"

They were interrupted by a shadow above them that looked like two
figures floating.

"There you are Mister Kami!"

/Oh still on Mister, alright then./

Himari floated down from the sky as she held onto another familiar face.

It was Doryu, the Draconian Heroes Apprentice. He looked as though he
had gone through some fight and was tired out.

Doryu glanced over at Drairgun who had been staring silently at them as
they descended down from the air.

"Don't look at me like that, please." he said directly at Drairgun.

"What's the matter, is there still an enemy we need to deal with?" asked
Kami readying himself for an unexpected turn.

Himari shook her head as she placed Doryu down on his feet and smiled
innocently.

"The enemy wasn't the problem."

"What does that mean?" Kami asked curiously

Doryu avoided his gaze hiding some truth he was unaware off.

Drairgun scoffed and grabbed Doryu by the collar, dragging him away from
Kami and Himari.

"Ngh,dammit! I'll get strong enough to beat you one day Princess!"

Kami on the other hand slowly started putting the dots together. It must
have been hard for Doryu to come to a realization that he wasn't the
more superior Apprentice anymore. In his shoes, he imagined that Doryu
wanted to get the upper hand on Himari, even if it meant challenging her
to a pointless spar after they were done with the vampires.

Himari on the other hand seemed pleased with herself as her eyes full
off life stared back at him.

A/hhh, so he got beat up... how long did I take to revive and create the
pocket of space for them? Long enough for everyone to go back to feeling
safe and Doryu to seek a rematch with Himari I suppose. /

He noticed the sun was no longer over the sky. It was no longer bright
blue as it had been in the morning but tinted red as it continued to
fall under the horizon. Hours must have passed while the vampire attack
happened which he hardly noticed. It had felt a lot shorter for him but
it was probably the rush of it all. At this point, all he wanted to do
was find his way to the Prince and return back home.

"Are the Prince and the King still at the Colosseum?"

"I think they went back to the castle. They wanted to talk about a few
things now that the city is safe." her voice coming out with a tone of
innocence.

"Hmmm, well we better make our way over, Mesfrit needs to know a few
things about Alzel, if he hasn't already heard. We have to make our way
back."

"Is something wrong Mister Kami?" she asked with a sense of urgency on
her voice.

"Maybe, but we should really get going. I took a lot longer than I
thought setting everything up for Elizabeth..." he mumbled.

He paced away with Himari following closely behind. She was genuinely
curious about what he was going on about but it didn't seem like she was
going to get any answers from him at this point.

"These Gods keep attacking the cities I go to, they are really getting
on my nerves" mumbled Kami once again.

"What was that Mister Kami?" she asked feeling the atmosphere change.

"Nothing, just talking a bit to myself."

He wasn't thrilled about having his experiences consistently held back
because of some God with an agenda. It was becoming increasingly
irritating dealing with their actions. However, he also knew that this
is how things operated in this world, and he should try to play as much
as he could within the rules. Being a God in this world was already
something he had not planned to do but had decided it would not harm his
overall journey. Outside that though, would he have to step into this
war and put an end to it at some point in time?

