
"What  the hell is the deal then? You guys took care of that masked
bastard  and instead of finding out if I was okay, you sit down and
share a damn  moment?" 

Hiromichi sat on the table at the bar which they had left to check up on
the castle.

Now  that the attack had been thwarted, he didn't feel the urgency to
go  check on the castle and find out if the King and his troops were fine.

"Should we really not be looking if everything is fine. I understand
your sentiment but this s-"

"Stay  out of this Hero boy! I understand that you were too weak to do 
anything but this girl here had enough strength to let herself get 
caught like that!"

"Weak...?"

The  Hero of Tyr looked as though Hiromichi had slapped him in the face.
By  no means had the enemy managed to damage him enough for that to be
the  truth but on the other hand, he was unsure how much he had managed
to  hurt the masked man.

"I-it  was a moment of weakness which he caught me in. It won't happen
again,  disgusting little ape killed me, how can I face the other angels
when I  go back to Heaven!"

Sayu went off on her own talking to herself as Hiromichi and Alruin
waited patiently.

"That reminds me Lady Sayu, how are you alive. Don't get me wrong I'm
more than thrilled that you are fine but, I saw you, you were clearly
dead."

Hiromichi shivered as he edged away from Sayu on his chair.

"S-she's a damn zombie...."

"I'm  Immortal, the laws of death do not apply to me. I am surprised
however  that I actually die before returning back to life, this
Universes rules  that Kami put us under must work like that."

Hiromichi had a hard time processing anything that came out of her mouth
but Alruin seemed to follow a large majority of it.

"I-Immortal?  As in, cannot die...is that a, passive from you
class...and these  angels are they like you? I've never heard of Heaven,
is that your  homeland?"

"She  said another Universe as well though, what the hell does that
mean?  Come to think of it, you talk shit like that all the time."

Sayu realized she was speaking out of her allowed context and
immediately shut her mouth. 

Kami  had warned her not to speak of anything they wouldn't understand
or  might give away who they were. Although her mannerism came out and
made  her forget, it was no excuse to disobey.

Alruin and Hiromichi stared suspiciously at her, waiting for any answers
she would give.

They were suddenly distracted by Thief's presence that jumped onto Sayu
dragging her onto the ground.

"Hyah!"

"Ku, ku, ku! D-don't let me go...." Thief mumbled as she adjusted her
face in between Sayu's breast.

"W-why is everyone jumping on me today, ew, e-noooo! Get away w-where
are you touching Thief!" Sayu screamed out as she struggled to push
Thief away from her.

Hiromichi's face was flushed while the commotion in front of him happened.

"D-dude did you hear Sayu voice when it went so high-pitched, I-I didn't
think she had such a girly side to her."

Sebastien who had been unconscious this whole time was now sitting next
to Hiromichi enjoying the show as if resurrected from his current state
by Sayu's predicament.

"Enjoy life's small treasure monsieur. This is ze face of true beauty."

Alruin on the other hand panicked a bit and tried to help out Sayu
immediately.

"Please, stop moving around so much it's making it difficult to remove
her from on top of you."

"With her strength shouldn't it be easy for her to push Thief off
though..." said Hiromichi with the first sign of intelligence.

"The  madame is perhaps trying to avoid hurting her, or maybe, she
enjoys the  company of another girl." Sebastien replied as his mind
drifted into  forbidden thoughts.

The bar was filled with happiness once again knowing that the threat to
the city had been stopped. They were getting somewhat accustomed to
being consistently under attack but they always hoped it was the last time.

There  was a couple of new people who had arrived but mostly they were 
adventures who had been out fighting the creatures. For the most part, 
the bar remained empty. It was possible that many of them had still to 
hear the news that the attack on the city had stopped and had locked 
themselves in their homes. 

A  few hours passed with very little change to the atmosphere. The sun 
continued to vanish over the distance as the sky grew darker.

"What the hell now?" Hiromichi asked 

The  group stared at each other unable to answer the question. There
wasn't  anyone specifically they would have to report to. Thief was the
only one  that was labeled as an official adventurer at the Guild so
there was no  need to any of them to go anywhere. 

Alruin who had been sitting down silently observing them for a while
stood up and spoke.

"With  the assault done we should look into seeing if there is any other
way  to help. I understand we might be exhausted from the battles we
just had  but we should keep our motivation up."

"Tch, this guy sounds just like Asahi. Do they train you robots
somewhere or is that just a default mode." Hiromichi replied placing his
feet on a chair close by.

"I have no intentions of making a move from here unless there's an
immediate threat." added Sayu as she closed her eyes and sat patiently.

"If it's not a party or alcohol related, count me out, ku ku." continued
Thief with a glass at hand.

Alruin sighed as he turned his back on them.

He  had other work to do, spending too much time idling standing by was
a  waste. There could be people who needed his help at this moment and
all  he was doing was sitting down and enjoy a moment of leisure. It had
been  nice for a few, but he couldn't indulge in it any longer.

Alruin  barely managed to make a move before a portal opened right in
front of  his face. He stumbled back dazed at the sudden appearance as
three  distinct figures came out.

The first one was clearly of a higher class. His clothing was more
elegant and had an aura of royalty. The second was a young man, around
the first male's  height but with strange wear he had never seen before.
His brown-red  hair swayed with every step he took and his light blue
eyes had a calm  feel to them. The third was a girl, smaller than the
two but stood just  as proud as she walked out. She was a mage from what
he could tell from  her robe-like attire and her witch hat. The staff
she closely clung to  was also a good tell.

Sayu and the rest stood up, almost ecstatic and seeing these figures
make an appearance.

"Yo!" said Kami as he saluted them with a smile.

"Did you teleport us inside a bar?" questioned Prince Mesfrit looking
around the establishment.

Himari simply waved at the group and remained silently next to Kami.

Sayu  who had been the one expecting Kami the most ran from where she
stood  and grabbed onto him. Once more she let out a wail of tears as
she  rubbed her face on his shirt.

Thief on the other hand simply called up to the bartender.

"A whole round of drinks, on THAT guys tab, ku ku ku!"

"You  bastard, just walking in here like that, this guy pisses me off
even  now!" Hiromichi said walking up to Kami with a grand smile.

Alruin saw the sudden change in mood at this man's appearance. It 
didn't take him long to realize that this was the one they called Kami, 
the one who was going around calling himself the Hero of Tyr.

On closer inspection though he noticed a small faint glow surrounding
him, one he was mostly familiar with. It was the Divine Cloak  of a God.
He felt chills through his body at seeing this realizing that  this guy
wasn't just a simple mortal like he or the others here, but a  much
higher being. How could anyone have seen him in this form and thought he
was a Hero and not something more?

"Hey by the way Kami you kinda have some glowy shit around you what's
that about."

Thief who took a closer look stared in fear from her seat.

"E-eh? T-t-that's the g-g-glow...of the G-g-gods!" she said in disbelief.

"They didn't know? Is it something he hid from them before?" thought
Alruin to himself.

Sayu who was already aware of his true nature simply continued to bury
her head into his chest as the sounds of her tearing up stopped.

"It's  a long story guys please let's leave it for when the situation
settles.  How far has the enemy gone and is my father safe?" asked
Mesfrit as he stepped up from behind.

Hiromichi smirked and let out a howling laugh. He roughly smacked
Mesfrit's back repetitively and yelled out.

"That shit's already over with there  your highness! We've taken care of
the problem, no thanks to this guy  here! S-so what's this about God's
and glow?" said Hiromichi as a small  suspicion rose through his mind.

The idea that he wanted to deny was slowly crawling up his mind. His
heart started racing but strangely, he was feeling fine.    

Kami who was more interested in the idea that the city was somehow fine
looked down at Sayu who was sniffing and hiding her face.

"Did you help out?"

It took her a bit to respond but she eventually nodded her head.

"I stopped the masked man who had attacked the castle last time you were
gone..." she said in a low mumble. 

Kami let out a sigh of relief and patted her head gently.

Sayu  felt herself grow warm at his touch and felt the tears returning.
She  had never been away from him so long and so many times. At this
point it  was like the small child who was left alone at home for the
first few  moments of their life. Always in tears when the parent
returned back  from their absence. As of right now, the most she needed
was his comfort  and his presence next to her.

"I ummm, Sayu, listen to me for a sec." he said pulling her away from him.

Her  eyes met his for the first time since they got here. She could feel
the  tears rolling down her warm cheeks as Kami smiled sadly.

"I'm  sorry about leaving you in charge of Heaven without a warning.
I'm  sorry for forcing you to stay here despite your pleas. I'm sorry
for  leaving you behind on my journey that I made you take with me. I'm
sorry  that I'm....well...inconsiderate at times...would be the best
nice term  to say the least."

Sayu couldn't help herself as she bursted into a well of tears.

The  rest of the group stared in silence at them both as if watching a
drama  unfold. They couldn't make a move or another peep despite their 
interest in what was going on.

"A-alright are you going to respond or...something." Kami said feeling a
little embarrassed.

It  was a strange feeling apologizing that many times in front of
others.  He's never had to do such a thing before and doing it now for
what felt  like the first of many more to come was odd.

"You  have nothing to apologize for...'sniff' just let me stay by your
side  like I always do..." she responded letting a small smile spread
across  her face.

Kami nodded his head and patted her head once again.

"Alright, I promise."

"T-the hell was that about man?"

They looked towards Hiromichi who broke the lingering awkwardness around
the room and felt a sudden release of happiness.

"Shit  you come in here and after leaving without saying anything and
then say  sorry? Damn you really sorry buy us some drinks and stop being
an  asshole."  he said smirking.

Thief who was somewhere between touched and scared spoke while trembling.

"T-t-t-that's only I-if your m-m-most divine majesty...g-grants us such
a f-favor,ku..." 

That was the politest way Kami had ever heard Thief as for booze.
However, he was more than happy to supply them with as much as they wanted.

Hiromichi wrapped his arm around Kami's neck and lead him towards a chair.

"Now let's get over this zappy crap and back to business here, what's
with the damn glow you got there? I gotta say, I have an idea but your
ass best confesses."

"Ahhh, well ummm, I'm a God...not really sure if there's a way to say
this without sounding so, pretentious."

Thief who continued to tremble lowered her eye sight towards the ground.

"I-I-I'm deeply sor-r-y for anything I have s-s-said or done that
m-might upset you, y-your divine majesty." she said.

"Tch,  that's cool with me, you're still that dumbass in my book,
besides, now  we got some high leverage if you ask me." commented
Hiromichi as he sat  down on his chair feeling satisfied.

"Y-you know of his glory and you still act in such an insufferable
manner, truly mortals are disgusting at times." Sayu said in her usual
tone.

It seemed she had returned back to normal quiet fast once Kami had made
his return and apologized.

"Shit, all that mortal and human crap makes sense now, you a God too Sayu?"

"Please,  if I may interrupt. Kami, I don't know if you have considered
my offer,  if you have, please do let me know as soon as you can, I must
make haste to the  castle if you don't mind." said Prince Mesfrit in a
swift tone as he made his way out.

Sebastien who had been standing on the side all along walked next to the
Prince on their way out.

"The hell is he talking about?"

"In a minute, who are you?" Kami asked directing his question towards
the figure that had been standing in front of him silently.

"I, am the Hero of Tyr....Alruin your most divine." Alruin said as he
kneeled next to Kami.

"Hmmm, so that's you huh? Interesting, well come on sit down and have a
drink with us.

Alruin felt confused as though he was being dragged into waters of
untold turbulence. Nothing had prepared him to meet and drink with a God
today.

Himari grabbed onto Sayu's hand and smiled as though to assure her of
her well-being.

They all took a seat expecting Kami to tell them what was happening.
However, he seemed more than happy having them wait.

"Out with it already you!" barked Hiromichi.

Thief  looked like she was about to faint any second. She felt like
Hiromichi  was poking the bear and Kami would strike them down where
theys at.

"I-I donate to the c-c-church of Iatra...d-d-don't kill me please...ku
ku...."

"Prince Mesfrit  has offered me a good sum of gold to stay here in this
land as its  guard while they rebuild. It's been 3 times that they've
been attacked  and he felt that my protection would be appreciated."
Kami spoke  ignoring Thief's impending anxiety attack.

"H-He tried to buy you off despite know your true nature now? Allow me
to teach this insect his rightful place undernea-"

"No no,  that's fine. I asked him to treat me like a Hero, not like a
God, his  offer was most in place, if not a bit generous. I'm thinking
about  sticking around here for a while, besides I can't leave here
knowing  those Abyss God's are consistently attacking the city."

"Heh! So  you're like the personal God for this nation now huh? Damn
that's a  hell of a promotion you got here. What's the pay and how are
we  splitting it?" 

"Think it's only an offer for me, but I would be more than happy to
split my earnings with you guys!" Kami said happily.

Thief fell to the ground, her heart being unable to process everything
that was happening as Hiromichi and Himari let out a happy howler.

Sayu who was just content with being next to Kami once more nodded her
head and smiled.

"How benevolent of you to consider them All-Might-"

"A-anyway lets celebrate!"

Despite being a God, they still had no idea that he was the Creator of
everything. To their  knowledge, he was one of the Gods who sided with
Celestia and that's  how he wanted to keep it for now. Letting them know
of his true nature  was not something he had planned.

/Ahhh but who knows, maybe one day I'll tell them. One day in the future./

For now though, Kami had decided to become the guardian of the Ducuria
Kingdom. Not just a God who protected the people of this nation, but a
Hero.

*/_A/N:.....HAPPY NEW YEARS! Thank you for reading God's an Adventurer!
.-._/*

*_THE END_*


          To Clarify

*Coughs* No, it's not over. Thought I should start it off by saying that
since a few of you had been panicking over it since I posted the last
chapter. I've had a few messages and comments telling me "N-no that
can't be it! When is book 2 coming,rawr!!!". The answer is simple, I
don't know. I mean I KNOW but I'm not certain of one thing. Should I
start an entire Volume 2 for 'God's and Adventurer' or continue from
this very same one?

Here's the benefits as disadvantages as I see them so bear with me people.

*_Benefits_*

1. It gives me a reset on the story so I don't eventually end up posting