
_/*A/N: Hello once more. Few things, I'm working on Volume 2 as we speak
so breath easy knowing that's under way so if you don't want to miss
when I release the new one, can't believe I'm saying this, don't forget
to follow me on my profile and keep tabs on it. Second, this is
something to keep some of you who are more delved into some of the
characters occupied while I work on the main story. These are like, side
events that happened not necessarily relevant to the main plot. Hope you
enjoy!*/_

_/*
*/_

_//_

"One left, a right down the second street all the way to the plaza, take
the third street down..."

Sayu found herself looking aimlessly around the streets with no sense of
direction. Kami had sent her to look for a shop by the name of
'Gorgraen's Shop'. She was to deliver a small package which he insisted
was important. This was all Sayu needed to hear as she gladly took to
action.

This was more than two hours ago, and now she found herself lost in this
large city with no one to help.

"Will he be mad that I took so long or will he perhaps leave me again?!
N-no I have to put my faith in him and hope that he'll be there when I
return." she thought to herself

Even though she tried to reaffirm herself there was a gnawing feeling in
the back of her head that screamed otherwise. She panicked and began
revisiting her steps in her mind just to make sure she had not taken a
wrong turn.

Kami had been back from the Draconian Kingdom for two days now and a lot
of their time had been spend together since. True to his word, Sayu had
stayed next to him all this time. She quickly recovered her happiness
and was more than willing to stay in this Universe as long as he wished,
under the conditions they were right now. However, she knew there were
times where she would have to leave his side, even if for only a moment
and that was fine.

Still, being lost for the first time after being sent to do something
was probably not a good reflection of how much Kami would be able to
trust her with certain tasks. She had asked around for help but as luck
would have it, no one knew of the shop that was mentioned.

"T-this can't be happening...merciful God forgive my ignorance"

"Heeey! If it isn't Sayu,ku!"

She turned her head as the shock of being surprised made her jump a
little. It was Thief who was holding a small bag of what looked like
gold. Her face looked ecstatic at having come across her.

"T-thief, what are you doing here?"

"Me? I'm shopping for booze with this bag of gold I just found in
someone's pocket, ku ku!" she replied as she rubbed her face against it.

"What about you Sayu, you look lost."

"I..I'm certainly not lost! A being such as myself could hardl-"

Thief swiped with a quick sleight off hands onto the piece of paper she
had been holding.

"N-no give that back! I need that to find the shop!"

"Oh, so you are lost! That's all the way across the city! Ku, lucky you
I'm heading that way, I can tag along and help you out!"

Sayu, whose faced was now flushed from being found out simply closed her
eyes and clear her throat.

"Very well, if you insist on it I can't refuse."

"Sure, whatever you say" Thief replied handing the small paper back.

The two of them headed down the street as a few people threw some
glances their way. Thief was already somewhat well-known after the
fiasco with the dragon. The fact that she held a couple of Arms as her
weapons was mainly the talk when she was brought up, but her looks also
brought some admirers.

Sayu on the other hand was looked at as some sort of Goddess. Her beauty
exceeded what most people imagine one to look like.

Having the two of them walking side by side down a busy street was
nothing short of a miracle to many.

"Why did Boy from the Sky want you to go here anyway?"

Sayu frowned at hearing Thief's nickname for Kami.

"KAMI, wished for me to deliver a package in his stead while he attended
to some other business. I gladly took on the offer as a form of showing
my usefulness to him." she boasted proudly.

"Ku, so you're his... Asssitant your title makes sense now!" Thief said
as though enlighten by the universe's wisdom.

"I have been for what is an eternity."

"That painful? Ku, you must really like him or something."

"My desire to help him is not based around some emotional feelings. I
simply wish to be the creation he intended me to be." Sayu replied with
a smug attitude.

Thief grinned devilishly as she poked on Sayu's side.

"So have you two kissed before, ku ku!"

Sayu's reaction was somewhere between disbelief and embarrassment. The
thought of ever doing such an act had never crossed her mind and it most
certainly would never be happening.

"T-that's completely absurd, you are perhaps the most ignorant little-"

"A simple 'no' was also okay." Thief interrupted.

"Hmph."

The two grew quiet as they continued their way down the street. The
people buzzed about, talking among themselves and entering shops around.

"How about hold hands?" Thief smirked.

Sayu's frustration rose as she closed her eyes and turned her head away.
She had decided to ignore Thief instead since getting a reaction was
what she was probably waiting for.

"Aww come on, it's no fun walking like this if we can't at least talk."

"Speaking of which, you're still avoiding any conversation directly with
Kami, understandable that a mortal like you would be left so speechless
in front of his presence but this could make an impact when it comes to
communication in combat." Sayu commented.

"Ku! I-I can talk to h-him just f-fine." Thief stuttered.

Just the thought of directly talking to him was making her return to her
former state. It was an involuntary reflexed she had received and it was
now something that was a consistent whenever she was around Kami.

"Perhaps it is YOU who is infatuate with him which is why you cannot
find a proper manner of speaking when he's around."

"W-what?! T-that's ridiculous, ku!"

"No more so than what you were saying before."

Thief being backed into a corner shut her mouth and pouted.

"Fine, let's leave it at that assistant!"

The air was tense around them as the uneasy silence grew. They were
nearly at their destination before Sayu let out a small sigh and spoke.

"I-I'm-"

"I'm sorry, ku... I just, don't know what to say and it's easy to make
fun of you with the whole, obsession with Kami thing you have going.
You're a walking target to be honest,ku ku." Thief interrupted.

"T-that's fine, honestly I couldn't really bring myself to say much of
anything either. I've never had the displeasure of speaking to a mortal
for more than a few lines and those are usually things Kami tells me to
say."

"Thanks? How about this! Let's go have a girl's day of drinking and
partying and we can say screw it to Glowing Boy for today!"

"What's with the change in nicknames, and n-no I can't do that this is a
direct order from Kami I have-"

"Okay fine, we deliver the package and then we can go spend this bag of
gold that's begging to be used, deal? offered Thief with an excited tone.

"...Fine but only for a while. I must get back and let Kami know that
I've delivered his package."

"Ku ku, yeah you delivered his package..." Thief mumbled underneath her
breath.

"What was that?"

"Nothing! Alright let's go! I'm starving and I'm sobering up! Two things
that should never be, ku ku!"

With those final words the two of them headed into shop as a new budding
friendship bloomed.


          Friendly Reminder
