
/*A/N: In case you didn't know at this point Volume II for God's an
Adventurer is out! Don't forget to look in the profile if you haven't
already. I should point out again, these extra chapters are basically
just side events that happened after the end but not after Volume II
events. Anyway, keep being awesome and enjoy!*/

/*
*/

//

Doryu and Kami stood outside the walls of Alzel in the middle of the
bright fresh day. The air was particularly strong today making it
particularly enjoyable for Kami.

"..."

The young Draconian stood patiently waiting for Kami's instructions.
There had been some exchange of friendly words with their corresponding
leaders in which they had suggested that it would be a good showmanship
between nations if their Heroes were to temporarily exchange Apprentice
as signs of good faith. The Apprentice Exchange Program, they called it.

Doryu thought it was a stupid idea so was caught by surprised when he
learned that Drairgun and Kami had agreed to going through with it.

Here he was now, standing outside of the Ducuria Kingdom's capital city
with Kami, the nation's own personal Hero/God.

"This is pretty fun right? Now you and Himari can learn from a different
perspective of a Heroes mind set." Kami commented happily.

His expression was of someone who had just received a new gift. At least
one of the two was enjoying this.

Doryu let out a sigh and replied.

"No offence Hero Kami, but I don't particularly think you have anything
to show me. The only thing I think you have is overpowered strength that
you lend to Himari giving her the edge. She barely seems to have any
training I don't expect much from this experience."

He swore Kami's face looked hurt for a second before he let out a small
chuckle.

"I can see how you would think that. Ahhh, but don't worry kid, I have
plenty to show you. In fact, I could probably even help you beat Himari
on one-on-one scenario."

Doryu's interested peaked but kept it from showing. This was definitely
something he would like to learn considering Himari was something of a
wall he wished to climb.

"Alright old man, I'm game."

"You're a bit of a brat are you not...hmm alright, let's get this
started, a bit of a spar so I can measure you down a bit more."

"You want to fight me, hmph. That's a bit unfair don't you think?"

"Not me."

Kami snapped his fingers and suddenly a large man stood next to him.

He looked confused and dazed as he looked around before noticing Kami
and Doryu.

"W-what the hell am I doing here?"

"Ahh Hiromichi nice of you to drop by! This is Doryu an Apprentice from
the Draconian Kingdom. He'll temporarily be joining us while Himari is
away training under another Hero."

"W-hat the- nice to me- wait did you say Himari is away?!"

Hiromichi looked in a panic at Kami expecting a better explanation. His
eyes pierced into Kami's before he shrugged and spoke.

"It was some exchange thing to show good relationship between our
nations just role with it."

"You just let a small girl like her go with some stranger?! The hell is
wrong with you dumbass?! W-what about a change of clothes d-did she
pack? A-and cash does she have gold to spend on her trip away?! D-damn I
should have given her some for her-"

"You're sounding like a worried parent there Hiromichi...speaking of
which...never mind. Just focus for a second here, the point here is I
want to show this kid here some new tricks and combat tactics while he's
here, care to help out?"

"Tch, this kid learning from you? No offense but you're all brute
strength and no class there's no way you can teach the kid a damn thing,
hahaha!"

Hiromichi let out a roaring laughter as Doryu nodded his head in
confirmation.

"C-can I get a show of support here for a bit?" Kami said hiding his
internal pain.

"Hehehe, alright there then, what do you have in mind? Gonna make the
little bastard run some laps or something?" grinned Hiromichi.

"I was thinking you could spar with him a bit so I can get a better
reading of where he stands and maybe where I can help him improve. The
fight he had with Himari was pretty one sided so it was hard to see he
was lacking."

"You trying to say this shit stain beat up Himari..." Hiromichi's tone
dropped as he glanced over at Doryu.

"Well at fir-"

"Alright then kid, put em up. You want some battle experience, you're
going up against the Wild Beast of the North now!"

Doryu who had been listening patiently this whole time smirked as he
raised his hand at Hiromichi.

"Well, this might be a bit entertaining."

"Tch, you got some pair on you kid! Don't worry I'll make this fight one
sided!"

In just a matter of seconds the fight was over.

Hiromichi laid on the ground unconscious as Doryu looked down at him
proudly.

"This guy was a total pushover."

Kami on the other hand was dumbfounded as to how easily Doryu had
defeated Hiromichi. He had expected it to be honest considering he had
stood up to Himari, who was stronger than Hiromichi still at that point,
but he kind off hoped he would have put up a bit of a fight.

Hiromichi was knocked out after one swing and now laid on the ground out
cold.

"Was that it Hero Kami? Was that your special training?"

"W-wait I got someone else in mind."

The new arrival, Sayu, showed up in a few minutes. She loamed over Doryu
her aura shrinking him down in size.

"I have to fight her now?" Doryu commented eyeing her up and down.

She was a gorgeous girl for sure, older than he was but his heart raced
a bit at the thought of seeing her.

"/Can I really hit a girl like that? Himari is kind of plain in
comparison to this beauty. There's a limit to how far Heroes can hit
someone and this Sayu girl is it. Does my breath smell?/"

These thoughts raced through Doryu's head while he closely observed her.

"The Almighty has made it clear to me that you wish to learn how to
further your combat skills. I would usually look the other way at such a
ridiculous request from someone of your level but since it's his
request, I shall abide and take you on myself." she boasted flipping her
long hair.

"/I don't want to hit that face./"

Another thought raced through his head. He shook it out of his mind and
raised his fist.

"I already beat that oversized man on the floor a punch is all it'll
take to-"

Sayu appeared behind Doryu without him noticing holding a sword to his
neck. Her eyes gleamed as she slowly dragged the edge of her weapon
through his throat.

"For an inferior being you leave your guard down too much."

She pushed him off leaving Doryu in a perplexed state of confusion.

However, he was not only shoken up from the fear he had just experience
but from the sudden rush of meeting someone of that magnitude.

"Come now, show me what you've got." Sayu ordered lowering her sword.

"You're going to regret not finishing me there!"

Doryu ran towards Sayu only to be thrown back instantly by the force of
her knee. He landed with a soft thud against the grass and began
coughing as he tried to catch his breath.

"Weak, you lack form and speed, your attack was too forward and filled
with too much emotion, again."

"Don't tell me what I know!"

Doryu stood on his two feet and raised his hands once against. Two small
orbs appeared and floated around him showing he was finally taking this
seriously.

The two continued to fight it out back and forth as Kami stood in the
sidelines staring sadly at the situation.

"I think Sayu just took my temporary apprentice under her wing..."

