
_/*A/N: Hey guys, last reminder, you won't have to hear from me
pestering you over and over again for this. Volume II is out so take a
good look if you still haven't. Stay awesome readers and enjoy!*/_



"Damn that boy!" Gorgraen tossed a rolled-up sketch onto the small
workstation table.

Gorgraen rubbed his beard furiously before waddling away towards the
main part of the store. He was feeling frustrated with a certain 'Hero'
who kept popping into his mind.

"That lad refuses any gear upgrade for himself I have to offer! It's
nice to get the extra business from his acquaintances but the face of
the nation refuses to wear my goods!"

He didn't know who he was talking to. His shop was closed and no one was
around to hear him complain. Still just the thought that Kami kept
escaping his grasp every time he was about to offer him some gear
upgrade was getting him worked up.

"I had a nice set of armor ready for him to try out... what am I going
to do with it now?!"

Once more, nothing but silence. He sat on the high chair next to the
counter pondering his next steps. In all honesty, ever since Kami and
the rest begun coming in for gear and weapon related business, other had
taken notice.

His shop definetly had more people coming in now but at the same time it
was not just about the numbers. He wanted his best quality work to be
worn by the best as well. This didn't mean he turned down others who
paid him to craft certain gear or bought the sets he already crafted,
what it mean was that he wasted the best materials in hopes that Kami
would wear it, only to find out he had no interested in wearing anything
besides that normal clothing which gave him no effect.

"Must be a memento or something, still that's no way for a warrior to act!"

Gorgraen was well aware that Kami was also a God. When he learned this,
he almost had a heart attack. This was only because his dream could go
beyond what he expected. Not only would the best Heroes wear his armor,
but the Gods themselves. He lost himself in this delusion waiting for
him to show up and ask but not once since they met did, he even show
signs of wanting to buy anything.

There was a sudden clunk of metal like something had fallen over from
the other room where he had been.

This snapped Gorgraen out of his daydream as he jumped down on his feet
and took out a small forge hammer strapped to his waist.

"Who's there!" he beckoned.

Only silence.

"Come on out you bastard. I'm in no mood to be messed with!" he beckoned
again.

Still, no response from the other room.

Gorgraen figured it was now or never. He furiously waddled towards the
other room, his hammer held up high above his head only to stop on his
tracks.

What he was was a pair of blinking yellow air starring back at him from
the other side of the room. Had he not recognized the face he would have
thought it them to belong to a straight cat.

"Thief, how did you get in?!"

She stumbled across the room towards Gorgraen and grinned.

"Your windows was locked so I let myself in,ku ku!"

"Argh what do you mean ladette?!"

Thief snickered as she locked around and patted Gorgraens back.

"Don't be like that old man I just wanted to buy some stuff but your
door was busted and I couldn't get in!"

"That's because we're closed! Now get out!" Gorgraen barked.

"Ooh! What's this, ku!"

She completely ignored his demands as she made her way towards a racket
that dangled a few of his most recent works.

"Don't touch those, they're expensive! Remember what you did last time!?"

Thief stopped in her tracks and blinked innocently.

"Which one?"

Thief always seemed like a child in a candy store whenever she was at
Gorgraen's shop. She would go around his workshop touching everything,
taking things from their place and putting them elsewhere, or sometimes
flat out walking out with stuff. He didn't mind as much since he kept
track of everything, which meant if something went missing he would
charge her next time she came along, and she always did. It was probably
her impulse for gold that made her all touchy about the stuff that
looked shiny around the shop. This was strangely though, the first time
she had sneaked into his workshop after he closed so part of him was
curious as to why she was here. Then again, a larger part of him wanted
her out.

"Alright girly, why are you here?"

"M-me? Can't I visit you old man,ku ku?" she replied as she removed a
sword from a table close by.

"If you wanted to visit, you could have knocked on me door. Out with it."

Thief mocked Gorgraen under her breath but willingly put the sword back
in its place and let out a sigh.

"I-I've been...kinda scared of being around Kami recently and I think I
might be hurting his feelings...ku..."

"Wha? What's that have to do with me?!"

"I- I wanted to sneak in a-and maybe find something that I can give as
an apology." she said her voice faltering near the end of her sentence.

The thought was a nice one at least. It was obvious that she felt sorry
by her behavior but couldn't help reacting that way around him. It had
become slightly more manageable but it was still far from okay. This was
the only thing she could think of that could make it up to him.

"Ha! You have a better chance at finding something in the back of an
alley with the rest of the trash!" Gorgraen retorted as he waddled away.

Thief was somewhat taken aback from his response so decided to follow
him and ask what was wrong.

"What's got YOU all worked up old man,ku ku!"

"That boy doesn't want any of my gear that's what! I've shown him my
best stuff hoping he'll ask me for it yet he just nods his head, smiles
a little, and moves on! It's driving me nuts!"

"Ku, now that you mention it, he doesn't change gear at all like we do.
Maybe you're right about finding something better elsewhere."

"Is my craft not up to par for his taste, what is it?!"

His previous enraged state returned. The fact that Thief had broken into
his shop was completely overshadowed by his anger towards Kami.

Thief couldn't leave him in such a state of despair so she did the only
thing she knew that would make such an upsetting situation a happy one.

"Ku ku! How about this old man! We can drink all night and come up with
something that Kami will like! What do you say!?"

"You mean work together with some ideas, I dunno girly that doesn't
sound like it'll work...but I can't say no to a drink,hwahahaha!"

Both of them cheered on as the mood changed for the better. In their
adrenaline filled condition they failed to hear the knocking from the
front door.

Kami stood on the other side, dumbfounded at the conversation that was
loud enough for him to hear.

"S-should I just come back later?"


          Updates, Updates!

*/_READ EVERYTHING PLEASE!_/**/_!_/*

I'm doing this because I've received a few messages recently from people
asking when I will be updating /God's an Adventurer/. I will say this
one more time. *GOD'S AN ADVENTURER VOLUME II IS OUT! YES! IT IS A
CONTINUATION OF THIS STORY!*

I've had to explain more than a few times that Volume II is continuing
from Volume I but at this point if you don't know and ask, I will assume
you are far from a reader as I am from a Japanese cat girl.

With that out of the way, just thought I would share a very cheap done
map of the over world of Tyr. This is the kingdoms and nations across
all of Tyr so you can kind of get an idea of where events are happening.

This is the kingdoms and nations across all of Tyr so you can kind of
get an idea of where events are happening


YES IT IS CHEAPLY MADE, but it's the best I can do so please, do not
lynch me. Try to be gentle and hopefully this will serve as some
guidance. I would like to update a few other things like skills and info
on what they do for those that are curious but let me know if that's
something you would be interested in.

I'll call it for now and once again*VOLUME II IS OUT, CONTINUATION OF
VOLUME I PLEASE STOP ASKING!*

-PrinnyHDood
