Volume 1

Chapter 3: No Time

From this point on, Claire’s life changed forever.

Gordan hired the first disciple of the most prominent scholar in the capital for Claire, the legendary young scholar that exceeded even his master – Camille. A handsome young gentleman with with shiny blonde hair and soft blue eyes.

“Claire, he will be your tutor from now on. He will teach you literature, geography, etc. every morning.” Gordan led Camille in person into the study, and after introducing him to Claire, turned to Camille, “Camille, sorry to trouble you from now on.”

“No need to be so serious, your grace. It’s nothing.” Camille smiled warmly and nodded at Claire, “Miss Claire, greetings.”

Claire had been standing for a while, and she also greeted, smiling,“Teacher, please enlighten me.”

“Don’t hesitate to call in the steward if you need anythings. I still have some business to do,” Gordan laughed.

“Whatever pleases you, your grace.” Camille smiled warmly, ever so gently and gracefully.

Claire bowed, watching Gundan leave.

Only the two of them were left in the spacious study. Camille looked uneasily at the young girl in front of him: a plain white dress with only a simple lace at the hem, her beautiful golden hair pulled up in a simple bun without any decorative accessories, but a deep, cold gaze within her green irises as cold as the night sky. This pure girl was the infamous male-chasing idiot of the capital?

“Please have a seat, teacher.” Claire smiled.

Camille was a bit surprised at Claire’s indifferent smile. The girl was different from what he heard. Rumors said she was extremely attracted to the other gender, so Camille came with much preparation and thought. If it wasn’t for giving the Duke face, he definitely wouldn’t have undertaken this task. But, this girl in front of him felt… How to explain it… Although she was smiling, it felt completely fake, giving off an extremely cold feeling.

Camille disregarded his confusion, settled his expression, and put on a professional smile. He took out a book he had brought. “Then, Miss Claire, today let’s start learning…”

“Teacher, I would like to inquire about this.” Claire didn’t look at the book in Camille’s hand, but instead held up the book in her hand. Camille glanced, and was a little surprised. The book was The History of Amparkland.

The morning passed peacefully without the imagined harassment, but in between Claire’s never ending questions, Camille was astounded. The young girl seemed like a sponge, absorbing every single piece of information. All her questions were right to the point, some were so complex that even his master, Landis, wouldn’t know the answers to.

In the morning, they studied. In the afternoon, they rested. Camille left the castle exhausted, still confused and astonished.

Jean, who had been faithfully standing outside the door, heard everything. He was even more confused than Camille. The man-crazy Miss didn’t bother the handsome man right in front of her? Instead, she was asking such profound questions, some that concerned sensitive topics? What was happening?

In the afternoon, Claire sat leisurely in the greenhouse, reading a book while drinking the black tea her maids brought. A few other thick books were piled next to her. The servants standing further away gossiped among themselves, suspicious of their currently quiet Miss. Was she doing all these in order to please the Duke?

Jean, as always, stood not far behind Claire expressionlessly, but this time, he gazed at her from behind curiously.

Knowing the basics of the world now, Claire closed the book gently. Magic, Dou Qi; these concepts were blurry in her memories, but she finally understood them after reading the book. Jean, her personal, poker-faced knight, who was always beside her, used Dou Qi. The Lashia who hated her and tried to hurt her yesterday used magic, Lightning magic. And her control was good – Lashia had made her feel intense pain without creating any physical wounds. The nature of Claire’s body was Fire, tested long ago. She never paid attention to this before nor cared to study it. Her Spiritual power results were also very ordinary. With Lashia the child prodigy around, all the glory and focus was on her, so Claire was destined to live in Lashia’s shadow.

No, it’s more accurate to say the previous Claire wasn’t interested in anything besides handsome men. The corner of her mouth lifted imperceptibly into a bitter smile. Why did I transmigrate into this kind of a person’s body?

At this moment, a maid came in, bowed, and reported: “Miss, his highness the second prince has come to visit you. He is waiting in the grand hall.”

Claire frowned slightly. His highness, the second prince? Oh, right. The Claire from before fell off her horse trying to chase him, allowing her to enter Claire’s body.

“I’m not seeing him. I’m busy right now.” Claire said casually, setting down the teacup and picking up another book to read.

The maid just stared, standing there, unable to move. Jean was also speechless. Was this some plot to win the second prince’s heart? Since when did this failure Miss become so smart? Using a method like this.

The maid just stood there, unsure of what to do. How should she report back to his highness? What’s up with Miss today? Usually when she heard that his highness was there, she would have run out like the wind. But today? Uncharacteristically, she said she wouldn’t meet him.

“You’re blocking the light,” Claire stated impatiently, seeing the shadows on her book. She lifted her head and frowned at the maid who was too stunned to move.

“Yes, Miss.” As if she had just awoken from a dream, the maid hurriedly withdrew to the grand hall.

In the grand hall, his highness, the second prince, sat there indifferently, filled with disgust. It was all that man-crazy woman’s fault, chasing after him and falling off that horse, injuring herself, but his father, the emperor, had scolded him and ordered him to come visit. He understood why; no matter how annoying she was, no matter how disliked she was by Duke Hill, she still was the granddaughter of the Duke. In any case, she did fall off that horse because of him, so it was his duty to come visit. But just thinking of how man-crazy the woman was, Nancy shuddered. Whatever, he’ll just pretend she’s an annoying fly, wish her well, and leave immediately.

Nancy sighed and forced his heart to settle down. He waited for Claire to fly out of the door like an elegant butterfly. Finally, there were some footsteps and Nancy looked up at the door. He saw a maid with a weird expression, but not the girl who was infatuated with men like he had expected.

Nancy, puzzled, look at the nervous maid who greeted him. Then she stuttered, “Your highness, Miss… Miss she…”

“Is she hurt very seriously?” Nancy asked, incredibly confused. Wasn’t it clear that although she fell off the horse, she was completely fine?

“No,” The maid stuttered, not daring to say anything else. She also didn’t dare to say on her own accord that the Miss was too injured to meet the second prince, as she was a servant. Unless she was tired of living, she would keep quiet.

“What happened exactly?” Nancy asked, getting a little impatient. What exactly was the man-crazy woman up to?

“The Miss said, said… said she doesn’t have time!” The maid finally got the words out. “The Miss says she won’t see you. Your highness may leave now.” After rushing through her words, the maid let out a long sigh of relief.

Nancy’s expression immediately froze.