Volume 1

Chapter 224

The maid hurriedly packed up the tableware and quickly left the room.

Qi Aoshuang laid down on the bed while hugging the Treasure Cat, but she was not too sleepy. She stared at the window curtain while her thoughts flew far away.

The vows she made that day were still fresh in her mind.

“I will come back, I will definitely come back!”

The Radiant Temple, the Duke of Gutton, are you prepared for my return?

Early next morning, a huge knock on the door woke Qi Aoshuang up. She almost jumped up from her bed.

“Aoshuang! Open the door!”

“Aoshuang,! Get up!”

“My apprentice, come out and let me take a good look at you!”

Qi Aoshuang quickly put on her clothes. The Treasure Cat was very dissatisfied. She stretched out her meaty front paws and pressed down on her fluffy ears, arched her body, stuck out her little butt and went back to sleep.

As soon as Qi Aoshuang opened the door, the people outside rushed towards her. The first one was Qiao Chuxin, then Cliff, then Waldo. They pushed up, pressing her down.

“Aoshuang, you’re finally back.” Qiao Chuxin hold her tightly, “You just disappeared without a word. I thought Camil kidnapped you.”

“My dear Aoshuang, I found you, I finally found you.” Cliff tore off Qiao Chuxin’s hand and pushed Waldo aside. Qi Aoshuang hugged him and started howling. “Aoshuang, you suffered. Master will help you get it back.”

Waldo stamped his feet in anger. There stood his Aoshuang, but the old fellow pushed him away.

“Master, I’m fine, right?” Only then did Qi Aoshuang come back to her senses. She patted Cliff’s back to comfort him, but her heart was warm.

Leng Lingyun and Jean stood at the door quietly, looking at Qi Aoshuang without saying anything. However, there was an indescribable emotion in their eyes. Oscar stood behind them, with his arms folded across his chest. It had only been 3 months since they last saw each other, but the girl’s strength had increased and she seemed to have become even more beautiful. Dong Fenghou stood beside Oscar, still at a loss. Camil was at the very back, yawning. White Emperor and Black Feather hadn’t woken up yet.

The breakfast was a lively affair. When Qi Aoshuang introduced White Emperor and Black Feather, who had returned to their human form, everyone was extremely surprised. They could not believe these two super beauties were White Emperor and Black Feather! As the host, Rongzas was present as well. At this time, Rongzas was already the noble king of Uzzari. He wore luxurious clothing, a glittering crown on his head, and a gorgeous tattoo on his waist. His mannerism revealed his domineering and confident bearing. After dispersing the guards and maids, Rongzas and the others all took their seats.

The long table was full of all sorts of things. Rongzas thanked Qi Aoshuang wholeheartedly, and toasted her with a cup of milk tea in stead of a cup of wine.

“Miss Qi, thank you for your strong support. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t be here today.” He raised his glass.

“All of this belongs to Your Majesty.” Qi Aoshuang smiled. Her tone was different from before. The person standing in front of her was no longer the Desert Whirlwind Rongzas, but the King of Uzzari!

“Alright, there’s no need for that, Your Majesty. We still have many things to discuss after breakfast.” Camil interrupted them with a smile.

He smiled and nodded.

After breakfast, everyone gathered in the study room.

Seated in front of his desk, Rongzas looked at Camil who was sitting next to him and said, “Prime Minister, the intervention of the Radiant Temple will probably cause Ragka’s army to waver?”

“The Radiant Temple has not made an explicit decision to side with Amper Land, but once the battle begins, the Radiant Temple should not hesitate at all to choose him. We don’t need to worry about their strength. With Aoshuang and the rest here, even Angels aren’t our match.” Camil said in a deep voice.

“The problem is, the will of the people of Ragka,” Rongzas said with a grave expression. "You also know that in our country, even if the forces of light are the least penetrated, they still make many civilians fear and revere them. You know better than I do how much effort you have put into changing this situation. Even now, that belief has not been completely removed from people’s hearts. "

“I understand.” Camil nodded, then continued calmly, “The Radiant Temple isn’t something that can stand out in the hearts of the commoners. First, they did many fake good deeds on the surface, and second, they are powerful.” In the hearts of many, the Radiant Temple was invincible. Camille took his time，“What if we have more power to support us?”

Rongzas frowned as he looked at Qi Aoshuang and her men. He said softly, “I can’t deny that Miss Qi and her people are very strong, but …”

“But not convincing enough.” Camil spoke the rest of the words that Rongzas had to say.

Even if Qi Aoshuang and her men were very strong, how much did the world know about them? In short, there was no deterrent.

“What about this?” Camil suddenly stood up and walked to the window. He abruptly pulled open the curtain, opened the window, looked at the sky and softly said, “Ben, that’s enough.”

Xiao Aoshuang stood up in shock and looked out the window. Ben? Wasn’t he captured by the Dragon God?

Camil’s words had just ended when a series of dragon roars could be heard from afar. It was as deafening as thunder.

This morning, the capital of Uzzari was peaceful. People woke up and ate as they usually do every morning, then opened their doors to do business. However, deafening roars rang out one after another, and then the sky darkened.

Rongzas stood up quickly and walked to the window. He almost sat down on the floor when he saw what was going on outside. As for the people outside the palace, they all directly sat down, gaping at the sky with their mouths wide open. Some people even fainted on the ground. Many people began to run for their lives, screaming. The entire city was in chaos!

Dragons! Dragons are flying in the sky!

Thousands of dragons!

The huge dragons flapped their wings, creating gusts of wind that almost made people unable to open their eyes.

The dragon with three heads flew at the front and let out a long roar as it circled above the palace.

Qi Aoshuang couldn’t say a word. The scene in front of them was beyond everyone’s imagination. The sky above the city was filled with dragons, which turned daylight into night.

“What, what’s going on?!” Rongzax stammered.

Everyone in the study room stood by the window, staring at the scene in front of them in shock, unable to say a word.

"Are they strong enough? " Camille asked with a gentle smile.

Rongzas felt that his heart was beating incredibly fast, and his mind was completely blank.

“weren’t Ben captured by the Dragon God?” Jean asked doubtfully. Why were there so many dragons in front of him? They were probably the greater half of the race!

Qi Aoshuang did not understand what was going on. According to the Dragon God’s tone, the dragon race could not interfere with the affairs of humans. Why were they here?

The huge dragons circled above the city for a while before descending outside the city.

At the same time, the Black Dragon landed in the palace and returned to its human form. It broke through the window and arrived in front of Rongzas and Camil.

Rongzas could no longer bear the thrill. He retreated in panic and crashed into the desk. He put his hand on his sword, but then he suddenly remembered how ridiculous his move was in front of the powerful dragons. He quickly put down the hand and tried to calm himself.

"You, hurry up and tell your civillians not to panic. We are just passing by, or perhaps it should be more accurate to say, we are here for a sightseeing tour. We won’t do any harm to them. The Black Dragon looked at the crown on Rongzas’s head and coldly said, “Now, go.”

“Yes, sir.” cold sweat broke out on Rongzas’s back. The pressure from the black-haired man in front of him almost made him unable to stand up.

He hurried to open the door to deal with it.

The Black Dragon looked at Camille, then at Qi Aoshuang, and laughed.

“What’s going on?” Qi Aoshuang was confused. "Aren’t the dragons unable to intervene in this matter? The last time you …… "

“Stop!” Ben raised his hand to stop Qi Aoshuang’s words, then he walked over to a chair and sat down, yawning as he said, “I didn’t say that we were going to intervene in this matter. Didn’t you hear what I just said?”

“That’s right, Ben and his civillians are just passing by and enjoying the scenery.” Camil, smiling like a spring breeze, turned and sat down.

The people in the study room were all dumbfounded, and Rongzas stared at them when he heard what they were saying. Had the dragon clan really come for a sightseeing tour? How could this be possible!?

“Your Majesty, come, come ~ ~” Camil looked at Rongzas and waved him over.

Rongzas walked over with a blank look on his face.

“Your Majesty, you said that with so many dragons here, you can let your civillians feel at ease, right?” Camil smiled, but it was a dangerous smile.

Rongzas nodded numbly, unable to say anything.