Volume 1

Chapter 237

Even without White Emperor and Black Feather saying anything, Qi Aoshuang could tell where the City Lord’s Mansion was located.

The splendor of the gold, huge door with a brocade rose onit had revealed the place’s host.

Such a slovenly looking building was indeed in line with the style of Wan Fengliu.

Entering the main entrance, there were two rows of beautiful female demons lined up orderly on both sides. They were all dressed in sexy and revealing clothing, and they bowed respectfully.

Qi Aoshuang looked over, but she did not see any male servants.

As for the demons that had followed behind them earlier, they all consciously stopped at the entrance.

This place was simply a huge harem for Wan Fengliu.

The City Lord’s Mansion was not ordinary luxurious. It should have been extremely beautiful, but there were ugly big rose badges everywhere.

The walls of the corridor were lined up with portraits of Wan Fengliu, in each of them, he held a rose with his pinky finger, his handsome face was full of smiles that he thought were elegant and noble.

When they arrived at the study room, the beautiful female attendant served some tea before leaving the room.

Wan Fengliu narrowed his eyes as he looked at Black Feather and White Emperor, and said slowly, “To be honest, I didn’t expect you two to be here.”

He hadn’t expected them to appear together.

“Let’s get to the point.”

Black Feather impatiently interrupted Wan Fengliu’s words.

“All right.”

Actually, White Emperor had more or less guessed it.

It was that there would be a competition in the Demon Sector, and the winner would be the King.

Anyone can participate.

In the end, those old monsters would step in and help the winner become a true Great Demon King.

If they were to step out, the identity of the winner would be confirmed. No one would object, nor would they have the ability to object.

“I don’t care. Of course, the competition venue will be arranged here.”

Wan Fengliu narrowed his eyes and looked at Qi Aoshuang, took a sip of tea and said, “Now can you tell me what happened between you and this beautiful lady?”

“No comment.”

White Emperor spat coldly.

“What!”

Wan Fengliu’s eyes widened as he shouted, “I’ve told you all.”

“When did we ever say you were going to tell us this, and we’re going to tell you what you want to know?”

White Emperor asked lightly.

Wan Fengliu’s mouth twitched and he was speechless.

Indeed, White Emperor had never said such words. He had subconsciously thought so himself.

“Then take a rest first.”

“I’ve got work to do.”

“Wait for the competition. I will arrange the best balcony for you.”

Wan Fengliu’s enchanting pair of peach blossom eyes were filled with laughter again, “Of course, if you want to participate, I can give you priority in registering.”

“Tch!”

Black Feather sneered unhappily.

“Where did he sleep after he sealed himself?”

White Emperor suddenly asked.

“I don’t know.”

“You can go to the ruins of the palace and see if you can find anything.”

“You can play on your own for the next few days. I don’t have time to take care of you.”

Wan Fengliu replied absent-mindedly, and suddenly looked towards Qi Aoshuang and added, “You all better not bring this beautiful young lady around.”

“Even though my territory is under martial law and the demons won’t attack easily, once they leave my territory, it will be hard to say.”

“There weren’t many demons who have human pets.”

“But of course, you are free in my territory.”

“This is for you, beautiful Miss Ao Shuang.”

:If you wear this, others will know you’re from my mansion."

"Then you don’t have to worry about being harassed if you’re outside. "

Wan Fengliu walked to the side of Qi Aoshuang and took out an exquisite rose badge. With a wave of his hand, Qi Aoshuang didn’t even make clear how Wan Fengliu’s moved, the delicate rose badge was already pinned on her collar.

“Got it.”

White Emperor replied.

Black Feather looked at the rose badge on Qi Aoshuang’s collar and gave a cold humph, a hint of unwillingness flashing in his eyes.

Wan Fengliu lightly clapped his hands and a beautiful female servant entered.

“Take my friends to rest and do not neglect them.”

Wan Fengliu smiled.

“Yes, Master.”

The beautiful female servant lowered her head and responded respectfully. Then, she raised her head and made an inviting gesture towards Emperor White and the others. “Everyone, please follow me.”

The servant maid led them to a quiet courtyard before leaving.

There was a two-story building in the quiet courtyard. The top was the bedroom, the bottom was the living room, the study, dining room, etc.

White Emperor and Black Feather sat on the sofa in the living room with serious faces. They were silent, thinking about something.

Qi Aoshuang also sat there, deep in thought, not saying anything.

The entire hall was completely silent, the Treasure Cat was so bored that it laid on Qi Aoshuang’s lap and yawned.

At that moment, the door was knocked gently.

“Come in.”

White Emperor said lightly.

The door was pushed open gently, revealing the face of the beautiful female servant from before.

The beautiful female attendant said in a low voice, “You two Lords, there are letters for you two.”

White Emperor and Black Feather looked at each other in surprise.

They’ve only just arrived at the City Lord’s Mansion and a letter already arrived?

“This is for Lord White, and this is for Lord Black.”

The beautiful female servant handed over the letters with extreme politeness.

There was a slight sense of fun in her actions, as well as a sense of fun in her words. However, the matter was not the least bit funny either.

As the White Emperor was about to extend his hand to receive the letter, Black Feather snatched it and said coldly to the beautiful maid, “Who asked you to deliver it?”

“It’s master.”

The beautiful maid replied.

White Emperor frowned, as did Black Feather. He waved his hand impatiently and said, “Got it, you may leave.”

She was just a maid, he would not ask her for anything.

What was Wan Fengliu doing? He would know after reading the letter.

After Black Feather handed White Emperor the letter to White Emperor, he opened the letter that belonged to him. When he finished reading the contents of the letter, his expression became solemn.

Black Feather looked up and saw that White Emperor had just finished reading the letter.

Looking at their expressions, Qi Aoshuang had a bad feeling about this.

“Let’s go. I also want to know what exactly is going on.”

White Emperor said in a deep voice.

Black Feather remained silent. His eyes glanced at the rose badge under Qi Aoshuang’s collar. In the end, he didn’t say anything and only slowly stood up.

Qi Aoshuang nodded, standing up with the Treasure Cat in her arms.

Whose letter did White Emperor and Black Feather receive? What did the letter say that caused their expressions to change greatly? She also wanted to know what exactly the Demon Sector happened to the Demon World.

After following White Emperor and Black Feather out of the City Lord’s Mansion, Qi Aoshuang gently touched the purple earrings on her earlobes as she thought of Leng Lingyun.

Why did Leng Lingyun leave without saying goodbye?

What was it all about?

She was taken to the Demon Sector by Camil, wouldn’t cousins be worried?

Feng Yixuan …

What about him?

Was he in a hurry to find out where she was?

When the three of them arrived at the entrance of the mansion, a carriage was already waiting for them. The driver respectfully informed them that the lord had already given his orders.

Black Feather helped Qi Aoshuang into the car with a sullen face. After he sat on the carriage, he said to White Emperor who followed behind, “It is obvious that the slut Wan Fengliu was about to make troubles.”

“He won’t be himself when he’s just.”

White Emperor closed his eyes, coldly spitting out these words.

Black Feather coldly snorted, no longer speaking.

Qi Aoshuang could feel their emotions. As they did not say anything. Qi Aoshuang did not ask anything and just sat there quietly.

She knew that if White Emperor and Black Feather didn’t want to tell her, it would be useless to ask them.

Finally, the carriage stopped in front of a grand entrance. The driver respectfully smiled and said, “We have arrived, my lords.”

"It’s the best hotel in town. "

White Emperor and Black Feather alighted from the carriage, followed by Qi Aoshuang, who was carrying the Treasure Cat.

The driver left just like that, but White Emperor and Black Feather didn’t step in. Instead, White Emperor turned to look at Qi Aoshuang, and said in a deep voice, “Ao Shuang …”

Qi Aoshuang looked up at White Emperor’s solemn face, silently waiting for his next words.

“The persons Black Feather and I know well have invited us to meet here. He hope that we can assist him in this competition.”

White Emperor said in a low voice.

“It’s not the same person.”

Black Feather narrowed his eyes and said coldly.

Qi Aoshuang instantly understood what was going on.

The persons who invited White Emperor and Black Feather were not the same person, which meant they were not from the same group.

In that case, if White Emperor and Black Feather agreed to their invitations, they would become competitors, and might even turn hostile.

“Both are in the second floor’s private rooms. Ao Shuang, come with me.”

Black Feather asked for Qi Aoshuang to join him.

White Emperor slightly frowned, but didn’t say anything.

Qi Aoshuang was stunned. She had never imagined that after coming to the Demon Sector, White Emperor and Black Feather would develop to this extent so quickly.

When they were in the Mortal Realm, she could already see that the relationship between the two wasn’t good in the past. However, it didn’t seem to be at the point where there was irreconcilable conflict between them.

“You guys …”

Qi Aoshuang said hesitantly, “Aren’t you friends?”

"Do you have to choose different forces to assist? "

“Friend?!”

Black Feather sneered disdainfully, “When did I become a friend of this fellow?”

What a joke.

“When I was in the Mortal Realm, I didn’t recover my strength. Fighting with him will delay my recovery time.”

Qi Aoshuang was stunned, recalling the first time White Emperor and Black Feather met, the two of them were indeed very unfriendly.

But they had always been at peace.

And they’ve worked together to protect her.

Qi Aoshuang’s eyes flashed with doubt.

White Emperor lowered his gaze, with his voice cold and indifferent. “He and I are indeed not friends.”

This time, Qi Aoshuang was truly stunned. The usually calm White Emperor had said the same words.

So the relationship between the two had never been harmonious?

Qi Aoshuang looked at the two people in a daze, unable to say a word.

What Qi Aoshuang didn’t know was that both White Emperor and Black Feather were of equal strength, they were Great Demonic King’s two Great Generals.

With his unyielding personality, Black Feather was not satisfied that the Demon Sector ranked the two of them side by side, so he had been targeting White Emperor.

Although the two of them weren’t enemies before, their relationship definitely wasn’t good.

However, the relationship between the two in the Mortal Realm had been greatly improved due to Qi Aoshuang, but once they returned to the Demon Sector and faced with such a major problem, their relationship that they had painstakingly established in the Mortal Realm was now in danger.

“Ao Shuang, did you choose to be with him or me?”

Black Feather frowned and glared at Qi Aoshuang as he asked aggressively.

White Emperor looked down coldly and said in a deep voice, “You mean, you’ve agreed to assist that person?”

“Don’t you agree?”

Black Feather sneered, and White Emperor fell silent.

Black Feather turned to look at Qi Aoshuang and continued, “Speak, Ao Shuang, you can only choose one of us!”

The three of them stood at the entrance of the luxurious hotel.

White Emperor also had an ice-cold expression on his face and didn’t say anything.

For the first time, Qi Aoshuang was at a loss.

White Emperor and Black Feather were different existences in her heart. There was no one she could replace them.

She was already used to White Emperor and Black Feather be with her, and was even more accustomed to viewing them as one.

Now it came to be like this.