Volume 1

Chapter 234

“At that time, we lost all our strength, and we needed to slowly recover it.”

“Before we fully recover our strength, our forms are more fragile.”

“When I found you, my power was in a state of instability, and I was injured.” White Emperor didn’t finish his words, and Black Feather replied sourly, “Not us, but you.”

“It was you who first sought for Ao Shuang, because your fragile body, must find a protector god.”

“Thus, you set your sights on Ao Shuang, who had great potential, and forcefully signed a master and servant contract.”

“In the end, the contract was reversed by Ao Shuang, and now it has become a contract of equals.”

White Emperor’s face paled a little.

Even though he had planned to do so at the beginning, his heart had unwittingly changed after staying with Qi Aoshuang.

Looking at White Emperor’s pale face, and then looking at Black Feather’s pleased expression, Qi Aoshuang smiled faintly and said: “It’s about the same as what I expected.”

“I’ve lost nothing. All of you have saved me before.”

White Emperor was stunned. He turned to look at Qi Aoshuang, wanting to see the anger and reproach in her eyes. However, he only saw calmness.

Clearly, Qi Aoshuang did not care about White Emperor’s original motive.

Seeing this, Black Feather scorned unhappily.

“If I just disappear like this, my cousin and the others will definitely be worried. What does Camil want to do?”

"Why did he send me here? "

Qi Aoshuang bit her lips lightly, her eyes filled with doubt.

Suddenly, Qi Aoshuang recalled Camil’s last words: Go, Little Ao Shuang, quickly grow up.

“This is no longer suitable for your growth.”

He wanted her to grow faster?

The Mortal Realm wasn’t suitable for her to grow, so she was placed in the the Demon Sector?

But why would Camil do that?

“I will send you back to the Mortal Realm.”

White Emperor looked at Qi Aoshuang and said firmly.

“Haha, you really know how to boast.”

Black Feather disdainfully said, “Without my cooperation with him, can the door to the Mortal Realm be opened?”

“Even if you send her back, whether or not the Mortal Realm will still exist at that time will be a question mark.”

“What do you mean?”

Qi Aoshuang’s expression changed slightly, as she realized Black Feather hidden meaning behind his words.

"It’s simple. The Holy War is about to erupt.

The Devil Realm and the Divine Realm were about to begin another great battle.

As for our the Demon Sector, we are the fence-sitters. We’ll help the weaker one.

We had always helped the Devil Realm.

Once the Devil Realm is destroyed, the next will be our Demon Sector.

And vice versa.

If the God Realm fails and the Devil Realm rules over the God Realm, the next targets will naturally be the the Demon Sector and the Mortal Realm.

The Mortal Realm was an inferior plane that was subordinate to the Divine Realm.

It can be imagined that if the Devil Realm were to win, the Mortal Realm would naturally become a haven for the demons to eat."

“What?!”

Qi Aoshuang’s pupils contracted. She looked at Black Feather in disbelief, trying to see some clues in Black Feather’s eyes. However, Black Featherather did not dodge at all.

Qi Aoshuang turned to look at White Emperor, wanting to hear something from White Emperor.

White Emperor remained silent with a serious face.

Qi Aoshuang’s heart sank. So what Black Feather said was true?!

“If the devils invade the Mortal Realm, haha, the dragon race might still be able to survive by relying on their own power.”

The most vulnerable humans would most likely be reduced to the food of the devils.

Including your master, cousin, and that red-haired, stinky kid."

Black Feather narrowed his eyes and grinned evilly, each of his words was like a heavy hammer smashing into Qi Aoshuang’s heart.

" Black Feather!"

“Shut up!”

White Emperor finally couldn’t help but let out a cold shout.

“Damn it!”

“Do you think I’m afraid of you?”

“Now that I had returned to the the Demon Sector, my seal had been undone, and my power had returned.”

“I don’t need to depend on you anymore!”

Black Feather also refused to be outdone as he coldly shouted, speaking with disdain, “Could it be that you want to deceive your little Ao Shuang?”

“Saying that even if demons invade the human world, they would still laugh at the peaceful coexistence of humans?”

Qi Aoshuang felt as if all the strength in her body had been drained away, and she stood there in a daze.

If Black Feather said was true, the Mortal Realm would become the Infernal Realm of Asura.

Blood flowed like a river, wailing and wailing everywhere. Despair and fear would envelop the entire world.

Black Feather looked at White Emperor fury that flashed in White Emperor’s eyes as a complacent smile appeared on his face.

As long as he saw White Emperor was angry, he would feel great.

Black Feather’s gaze shifted, and he saw that Qi Aoshuang’s face was pale, but his heart tightened for no reason.

Black Feather hurriedly turned his head away and said with a sneer, “I don’t want to repeat in this Holy War.”

“If you want to play, you guys can take your time.”

“You!”

White Emperor frowned while looking at Black Feather, his face was unsettled, but he couldn’t say anything.

Before Qi Aoshuang could recover her senses, her face was still pale and she was still immersed in Black Feather words that Black Feather had said earlier, unable to extricate herself.

She remembered that the young lord of Devil Realm she had met in the Devil Domain had also said that he was going back to prepare for the Holy War. In that case, Black Feather’s words were true!

If it was true.

Then the Holy War…

"Ao Shuang, don’t listen to him.

The Mortal Realm will not perish.

Because the the Demon Sector will not allow the Devil Realm to succeed."

White Emperor reached out his hand and grabbed Qi Aoshuang’s shoulder and gently shook her, bringing her back to her senses.

Qi Aoshuang looked at resolute White Emperor. White Emperor said in a deep voice, “Every thousand years, a war will break out in the Three Realms.”

The Devil Realm wanted to swallow the Devine Realm, and the Devine Realm wanted to rule the Devil Realm.

The Demon Sector was a balancing act. In order to protect ourselves, we would choose the weaker side to help them.

It had been like this for tens of thousands of years.

As such, the Mortal Realm will not be destroyed. Don’t be afraid." Before Qi Aoshuang could say anything, Black Feather’s sharp words rang out once more," That was in the past, but this time, I am not sure.

It wasn’t certain if the the Demon Sector would intervene.

Didn’t you see how much the Demon Sector has changed?

We can’t figure out what it’s like now, why did you make a promise to Ao Shuang?

Furthermore, even if the Divine Realm won, the Radiant Temple would be completely destroyed. The Goddess of Light would not be able to gain power from the faith of humans, and she would still have to cleanse it.

The Radiant Temple will be created again.

There will be more troubles. "

White Emperor stunned, he didn’t say anything for a while.

Qi Aoshuang’s face turned even paler.

She had seen the Young Master of the Devil Realm’s power. Although he had only revealed the tip of the iceberg, it had already shocked Qi Aoshuang.

As for the Goddess of Light, she had fought with her before, so she knew exactly how terrifyingly powerful she was.

No one could predict the outcome of the war. No one could.

Black Feather looked at the pale-faced Qi Aoshuang and his heart became more and more displeased. Finally, he frowned and said fiercely: "Why are you look like crying?

No matter how the Demon Sector changed, the demons would not let that side eliminate them.

And do you think the God of Darkness is an easy idiot to deal with?

Will that bastard allow the power he built with great difficulty to fall apart?"

White Emperor’s eyes flashed with a strange light. He turned his head to look at Black Feather’s handsome face. Black Feather turned his face away with a hint of guilt in his heart.

White Emperor narrowed his eyes. “Black Feather, are you trying to comfort her?”

Could he actually comfort others?

Black Feather walked quickly in front, not even turning his head as he shouted, “Quick!”

White Emperor looked at the still pale face of Qi Aoshuang and said softly, "Ao Shuang, you don’t have to worry. Just like what Black Feather said.

The Demon Sector would not let this war tilt towards either side, for the sake of their survival.

Furthermore, after this war was over, even if the Divine Realm won, it would never be so easy for the Goddess of Light to sweep the earth away.

At that time, the God of Darkness had already developed his own power. "

Qi Aoshuang raised her pale face and looked at White Emperor, then slowly nodded.

However, she secretly clenched his fists in her sleeves. No matter what, she had to do her best and definitely couldn’t let the Devil Realm defeat the God Realm to invade the Mortal Realm.

Just as Qi Aoshuang thought of this, her entire body froze. At this moment, she suddenly remembered Camil’s words.

Was this why Camil had sent her here?

Did Camil plan to involve her in this as well?

Why was that?

What was Feng Yixuan doing right now?

He must be worried about her because she suddenly disappeared, right?

Based on his fiery personality, would he fight against Camil?

If that was the case, he was not Camil’s match at all!

Qi Aoshuang was in a mess.

At this moment, the earring on her earlobe gave off a cool feeling.

Leng Lingyun …

Qi Aoshuang touched the purple crystal earring on her ear, unable to relax.

She felt that it was strange for Leng Lingyun to suddenly disappear.

And on her ears, there was a purple crystal earring.

This beautiful earring didn’t pierce through her ear, but embedded itself in her earlobe, as if it was naturally formed, as if it was grown on her body.

Would the the God of Darkness really be able to protect his Temple of Order?

Can you strengthen your power?

The black mark on the back of Qi Ao Shuang’s hand had disappeared, and the God of Darkness had secretly cancelled it for her. Now that he had replaced the Goddess of Light in the Mortal Realm, he naturally did not need to sacrifice Qi Aoshuang’s soul.

Just as Qi Aoshuang, White Emperor and Black Feather were about to leave the forest, a ruckus could be heard behind them.

There were sounds that they seemed to have heard before.

“Quick, it’s right in front.”

“Snow Woman, are you sure you aren’t mistaken?”

“How could that be!”

“There was absolutely no mistake!”

"The power of the two demons is very strong … "

“Then we will advance as long as we eat them?”

“Hehe, there’s still a beautiful human.”

“Wow, that can’t be!”

“There’s actually a human appearing? Are they the playthings of the two Monster race?”

“Probably …”

“In any case, it’s going to be our plaything in a moment. We’ll eat it after we’ve played enough, haha …”

An ear-piercing laughter rang out, causing people to feel uncomfortable.