Volume 1

Chapter 231

Qi Aoshuang didn’t dodge, but a bloodthirsty glint appeared in her eyes. She gently lifted her hand to catch Gutton’s fist, but she didn’t crush it. Instead, she grabbed the fist and slowly rolled it up. Gutton’s hand was completely crippled. Terrifying screams filled the entire study. Gutton was twitching in pain. He could never have imagined that the person in front of him would treat him in such a cruel manner.

“Demon, you demon …” Gutton was in so much pain that it was hard for him to say these words. His hatred for Qi Aoshuang deepened.

Qi Aoshuang laughed mockingly, “You are not the first one to say that about me.”

Qi Aoshuang gently waved her hand and shook Gutton off. Gutton’s body viciously slammed into the wall behind him. Then, his entire body slowly slid down.

“The Hill Family, that was originally standing tall …” Gutton mumbled as he laid on the ground with dazed eyes.

“From now on, this continent will no longer have the Hill Family.” Without a trace of warmth in the depths of Qi Aoshuang’s eyes, she raised her hand and flicked her finger. The rose pattern on the wall suddenly burned and then melted.

“I’ll kill you!” "Gutton screamed like a madman and struggled to stand up.

“Do you think you are my match?” Qi Aoshuang asked with a sneer.

“You sinner! To make that our Hill Family would end up like this! You deserve to die. Even if you die a hundred or even a thousand times, ten thousand times wouldn’t be enough to make up for the heinous crime you’ve committed!” Gutton suddenly roared with a ferocious look on his face. His face was completely distorted and his eyes were bloodshot.

Qi Aoshuang looked at Gutton quietly. This person had been completely corrupted by fame and wealth, and no longer had any human feelings. Sad or ridiculous?

“Go to hell! You slut of unknown origins!” Gutton laughed crazily. Dazzling Dou Qi once again burst out from his body, and he ferociously smashed down with his hand.

Qi Aoshuang was startled, and a sense of foreboding rose in her heart. This feeling was exactly the same as when he was ambushed by the people in the Radiant Temple! Instead of hitting her, Gutton hit the floor.

The people outside were all waiting patiently, because in this place, there was probably no one who could hurt Qi Aoshuang. Thus, no one was worried about Qi Aoshuang going in alone to face Gutton.

However, the next moment, everyone’s faces turned pale …

A loud explosion resounded across the horizon. It was deafening! In front of them, the intense white light pierced so hard that it made it impossible for people to open their eyes. A violent blast of air rushed over and blew away everything in its surroundings. The debris of the building flew everywhere. At this moment, the White Emperor and Black Feather quickly opened their barrier, blocking this violent blast of air. Their vision was snow-white, and he could not see anything. A huge mushroom cloud rose into the sky.

As the scene became clearer, everyone’s hearts sank as they saw the scene in front of them.

The enormous Hill Mansion had been razed to the ground.

“What’s going on?!” Feng Yixuan’s face was pale as he rushed forward. There was no one! There was no shadow of Ao Shuang!

The faces of the White Emperor and Black Feather paled even more, because they had a contract with Qi Aoshuang. However, they could not sense the existence of Qi Aoshuang at all! What did this mean? They didn’t dare to think about it or say anything. Impossible! How could this be possible?!

Leng Lingyun stared blankly at the ruins in front of her, his hands were trembling. How could this be? Could it be that they were the ones to intervene? Impossible! Since they wanted him to go with them and had already promised him, they wouldn’t do anything to harm her! However, what was going on now?

Jean’s pupils had already lost their focus. where is Miss?

Rasiah rushed in like a madman, “Elder sister! Elder sister! Where are you? Elder sister!”

Just as everyone was filled with fear and despair, a mocking voice came from the sky, “Aiyaya, it’s really dangerous. If I was a bit late, you wouldn’t be able to see the cute Little Aoshuang.” The White Emperor and Black Feather were finally able to relax a little, because they could sense the existence of Qi Aoshuang through the contract.

Everyone looked up and saw Camil with a gentle smile on her face floating in the air with Qi Aoshuang in her arms. As for Qi Aoshuang, she had already fainted.

Camil slowly descended, and everyone began to surround him.

“Well, it’s all right.” “Camil is smiling with narrowed eyes.” However, I never thought that this old fox Gutton would actually use a Magic Crystal Bomb. This thing has missed many years ago, yet he has it in stock. "

Rasiah looked at Camil in a daze. Wasn’t Camil a scholar? Why did he suddenly appear here? Why fly? What was going on? A Magic Crystal Bomb? What was that?

The rest of the group looked at the unconscious Qi Aoshuang with lingering fear. So it was a Magic Crystal Bomb, no wonder it had such destructive power. He didn’t expect that old thing to have the urge to die together with Ao Shuang. Camil had appeared just in time to save Qi Aoshuang. This was not something an ordinary expert could do. Besides being worried for Qi Aoshuang, the crowd was also wondering who Camil was to actually be able to achieve such a feat.

“She’s fine. She just fainted.” Camil carried Qi Aoshuang as he said indifferently to the crowd, “Alright, it’s over.” “You can do the aftermath.”

Everything seemed to be settled.

Three days after the occupation, the Emperor of Ragka announced to the world that the Radiant Temple and Gutton, Hill had conspired with each other to frame Claire Hill. He revealed all of the crimes of the Radiant Temple, causing quite a bit of chaos. The Order Temple was established very quickly. Everything was being made up by the people of the Dark Temple. The Dark Temple became the Order Temple, slowly permeating human life. The Emperor of Ragka was wise. Three months later Ragka withdrew. This victory was all thanks to the dragon clan. The dragon clan had left. Amper Land was originally a powerful country. It wouldn’t be willing to become a Servant of the Lost Country, so it was inevitable that it would retaliate. This war as an abuser is unjust. Rather than a country that is always afraid of being lost, it is better to have a subordinate state that can give the greatest benefit. Three months later, the royal family of Amper Land, Nancy Yardley, signed unequal treaties with Ragka and Uzzari, and they paid reparations to both countries, paying tribute to Ragka every year. For a long time afterward, Amper Land did not escape the fate of becoming a subordinate state of Ragka. It wasn’t until a long time later that the situation changed.

In the simple and elegant bedroom, on the pure white bed Qi Aoshuang lay with her eyes closed. She still hadn’t woken up. They temporarily stayed in Camil’s house.

At this moment, Qi Aoshuang felt like a lonely boat drifting in the vast ocean. It’s over, it’s all over…

There was a warm feeling on his forehead. What was it? Leng Lingyun stood silently in front of Qi Aoshuang’s bed, looking deeply at Qi Aoshuang’s peaceful face. Slowly, Leng Lingyun reached out her hand and gently touched Qi Aoshuang’s forehead, face, nose, and lips.

“Ao Shuang, take care of yourself.” Leng Lingyun slowly lowered his head and placed a gentle kiss on Qi Aoshuang’s forehead. Leng Lingyun slowly stood up, his eyes filled with boundless longing. For the first time in a long time, he looked at his heart. So it turned out that Ao Shuang was already so important in his heart …

However, it was too late. Leng Lingyun smiled sadly and rubbed his right eye. A purple crystal appeared in his hand. As for Leng Lingyun’s purple eye, it turned into nothingness! Leng Lingyun looked at the purple crystal in his hand. Without hesitation, he gently pressed the crystal against Qi Aoshuang’s right earlobe. The purple crystal seemed to have a life of its own as it gently embedded itself into Qi Aoshuang’s earlobe, turning it into a beautiful purple crystal earring. It shone with a bewitching light.

“How generous of you!” Suddenly, a mocking voice rang out.

Leng Lingyun turned to look at the source of the voice. Camil was leaning against the wall with a smile on his face. Camil had a Treasure Cat perched on his shoulder, but the Treasure Cat was strangely quiet. A pair of amber eyes flashed with a dim light, silently watching everything in front of them.

“Camil…” Leng Lingyun said these two words with a low voice and a complicated tone.

“When did you release your seal? When did you remember all of this?” Camil asked with a smile, squinting his eyes.

“My seal has not been completely released.” Leng Lingyun smiled bitterly and said, “I remembered it not long after I got to Ragka.”

“Oh, have you finally remembered who you are?” Camil casually stepped forward, looked at Leng Lingyun’s empty right eye and smiled, “Are you really going to give her half of this?” Leng Lingyun did not say anything, but tacitly agreed.

“You remembered everything, so you decided to leave?” Camil touches his pretty chin and smiles.

“My memory is broken, but I already know who I am.” Leng Lingyun turned to look at Qi Aoshuang lying on the bed, his eyes filled with reluctance.

Camil laughed softly. “So, you think your identity make you impossible to be with her. Why don’t you let go of her and give her to Feng Yixuan instead? Give her to an ordinary human, a human who can give her happiness?” Leng Lingyun was silent again.

A glimmer flashed in Camil’s eyes.

In the next moment, a person dressed in black appeared in the room. He didn’t look at Camil but knelt on one knee in front of Leng Lingyun. The cold voice didn’t have a trace of warmth in it, “king, we should leave now.”

“Come back often when you have time.” Camil says with a faint smile.

“Impudent!” That man in black stood up and was about to attack Camil, but in the next moment, his entire body trembled, and he laid on the ground, not daring to get up.

“Pay attention to the tone of your voice. I’ll spare your life due to Xiao Yun today.” Although Camil was smiling, his tone was extremely cold.