Volume 1

Chapter 246

Stunning Edge - C246

The glowing life core suddenly jumped out of Qi Ao Shuang’s hand and flew into his body before disappearing.

“What’s going on?” Qi Ao Shuang touched her chest, but she did not feel anything strange. The life core disappeared from her body just like that.

Camil looked at Xiao Ao Shuang and smiled, “It’s the Maneki-Neko in your body.”

“Huh?” Xiao Ao Shuang blinked and immediately understood. Maneki-Neko was a true demon, so “Did Po absorb this life core?”

“Yes, it should be.” Camille nodded.

“I didn’t feel any power from that little fox’s life core just now.” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled. That beautiful little loli from earlier, Qi Ao Shuang did not feel any powerful magic from her body.

“That’s not a little fox, she’s a charm fox that has lived for at least five thousand years.” “What do you think she attacked you in?” Camil narrowed his eyes and smiled gently, reminding him softly.

Qi Ao Shuang came to a realization. That’s right, that little loli had used a spiritual attack to charm her mind. Just now, he was indeed in a daze, but he quickly came back to his senses and understood that the other party was using a spiritual attack to entice him to lose his consciousness.

“Charm ….” Qi Ao Shuang said with a soft voice.

“Stop!” Camil said in a deep voice, “Don’t use it on me.” “In a while, try and catch a demon clan member. Don’t put up such an act in front of me.”

This way? What does it look like? Xiao Ao Shuang was puzzled by Camil’s words. If Qi Ao Shuang could look in the mirror at this moment, she would know what Camille meant by his words.

When Qi Aushuang focused her attention on her charm, she looked extremely alluring, so much so that it would cause others to feel pity for her. Her limpid eyes were filled with innocence, and her beautiful face was so beautiful that it was as if she wanted someone to kiss her. With a slight pout, she made people do everything they could to satisfy her demands. This was the power of charm.

Evidently, Qi Ao Shuang’s magic was far superior to that of the fox race, and with the Maneki-Neko in her body, she was able to fully display this spell.

“Alright, let’s go.” Camille reminds me.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang continued to release her flames, creating a path to advance.

Just like that, the two of them continued forward in a straight line until they finally arrived at an empty flat ground, and the surrounding walls were still made of trees. There was a clear fountain in the middle of the field, happily spurting cool spring water, shining a beautiful white light in the sunlight.

“This is the center of the maze?” Qi Ao Shuang looked around at her surroundings.

“Probably.” Camil touched his beautiful smooth chin and said lightly, “The problem is, this seems to be the destination?”

Qi Ao Shuang furrowed her brow, because she also remembered that the destination marked on the map seemed to be here. This fountain in front of him was his destination?

Something didn’t seem right.

Qi Ao Shuang stepped forward and looked at that extremely ordinary fountain. It was rather big, with a stream of cool spring water falling down from the middle. Nothing unusual.

And there weren’t any other demon clans that had arrived. Could it be that they were the first ones to arrive here?

But why is there no other hint here?

Just as Qi Ao Shuang was feeling confused, a rustling sound could be heard. Qi Ao Shuang turned around and saw a person who almost made her heart stop beating.

With fiery red hair and pitch-black eyes, a handsome face was printed in front of Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes. Too many emotions instantly flashed through Feng Yixuan’s eyes. He was also stunned on the spot, staring blankly at Xiao Ao Shuang. And beside him was the young master. The young lord slanted his eyes and pursed his lips, not saying a word. Both men stood there without moving.

At this moment, a voice came from the other side. Someone familiar appeared at another entrance.

Silver hair, purple eyes.

Leng Lingyun’s snow-white clothes were spotlessly clean, and her handsome face was filled with coldness. When he saw Qi Ao Shuang, the cold lines on her face gradually softened. He was accompanied by a man in a grey coat and a cloak. The man’s face was obscured by a wide hat.

Leng Lingyun and Feng Yixuan’s gazes stopped on Qi Ao Shuang. Before either side could speak, the sounds of fighting could be heard.

“Go to hell, White Emperor, do you really think I’m no match for you?” Hei Yu’s irritable voice sounded very familiar.

There was silence in response, so White Emperor didn’t say anything.

"You bastards, you pretend to be cool. It had been thousands of years. The victor would definitely be decided this time! “I am stronger than you, stronger than you!” Hei Yu’s explosive shout mixed with the intense sounds of fighting came closer and closer.

With a loud rumbling sound, the trees in front of Qi Ao Shuang all collapsed. A black and white figure flew into everyone’s line of sight. They were precisely the White Emperor and Black Feather, who had been fighting to the point of being unheard-of.

“White Emperor, Black Feather!” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a low voice.

However, Hei Yu only replied in a hurry, “Ao Shuang, you stay here too. Wait for me to finish him off first.”

Qi Ao Shuang felt a headache coming on. Did this fellow not know that the three of them were contractors? Or was it deliberately ignored? If this continued, no one would get a shred of advantage.

The White Emperor was silent, only blocking Blackplume’s attack. He didn’t fight back.

“White Emperor, you bastard!” “You dare to tease me? You only need to be on your guard from now on!” Hei Yu cursed angrily. The White Emperor remained silent.

The four forces met in this kind of environment and looked at each other, not knowing what to say. The White Emperor and Black Feather were still fighting …

At this moment, the vigorous voice from before the competition suddenly rang out again: “Everyone, I’m glad that you’ve come here.” “The two over there, stop for a moment.”

As soon as the words left his mouth, an invisible and powerful force struck towards Black Feather and White Emperor without a trace of politeness, separating them.

“Alright, everyone quiet down.” The vigorous voice spoke in an indifferent tone, and just like that, it resounded in the air, not a single person could be seen, “Everyone here, I think there is a purpose for all of you.” “And this goal isn’t to become the Demon King to command this Holy War. Everyone’s goal here is to end the Holy War.”

The expressions of everyone present changed. No one thought that this voice would actually say such a thing.

“Am I wrong?” “Those two from the Devil world?” There was a hint of mischief in the pompous voice.

Feng Yixuan and the young lord’s faces suddenly changed. Feng Yixuan was silent, while the young master growled in the air in displeasure, “What proof do you have that we are demons?”

“If it’s the Demon race that wants to cause trouble, do you really think that we will let you enter our Demon World?” “And will I let you participate in this year’s Martial Competition?” The voice was smiling. Xiao Ao Shuang’s heart tightened, instantly understanding that her human identity should not have been hidden from the Supreme Being Realm. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …. They should have already known that they were human and that they were harmless to the demon world, so they let them participate in this martial arts competition. This power of a Martial Saint was truly unfathomable!

“You!” “What do you want?” The young lord angrily shouted as he put his hands on his waist.

“It’s my turn to ask all of you here. What do you all want?” The vigorous voice slowly said, “I don’t know how long the Holy War has been going on for. Every time, countless lives have been lost.” The Demon World was like a rootless duckweed. “Right now, we old fellows are tired and don’t want to participate in this Holy War anymore.”

“Tch, bullsh * t, who’s willing to fight?” “No matter how you fight, there’s no end to it. If you guys aren’t tired, then I’ll just feel tired.” The young lord spat out unhappily.

“You are unwilling to fight, but that does not mean that the supreme ruler of the Divine Realm and the supreme ruler of the Devil Realm are unwilling to fight.” His voice carried a hint of helplessness.

“So …” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the fountain in the middle and asked in a low voice.

"So I think some of you can stop this pointless war. “Let the Holy War cease.” The vigorous voice said slowly, “So we held this competition.” It’s up to you to stop the senseless jihad from continuing. I believe you can do it. "

“Why should I help you fulfill this wish of yours?” Won’t you do it yourselves? “It’s not a bad thing to keep fighting?” Black Feather carried his huge, pitch-black sickle as he spoke sarcastically.

“Is that so?” He then threw out a meaningful sentence, “Do you really think that way?” “The person you’re worried about, will you be willing to …”

“Stop!” Hei Yu furiously roared, and hurriedly stopped the voice from continuing. If he continued, he would be exposed. Damn it! Black Feather was extremely furious. The Paragons of the Demon Realm, these old monsters, seemed to know everything! Let him continue!

“So, you are willing to participate in this mission.” There was a hint of mockery in his voice.

Hei Yu remained silent. With a smelly face, he did not say anything and tacitly agreed.

“Then, if everyone has no objections, please head down from the fountain.” “You’ll know what to do when you get in.” Perhaps you will act separately. “However, you must remember that you have only one goal in mind, and that is not only to stop this war, but also to make this Holy War, which only happens once in a thousand years, completely stop it.”

After the voice faded, the surroundings quieted down.

Some of them were frowning while others were thinking. Xiao Ao Shuang was also trying to figure out what the voice was trying to say. And what was that under the fountain?

While everyone was silent, Leng Lingyun walked up to them first, and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang with a slight smile. Although her clear voice was not loud, it reached everyone’s ears: “Ao Shuang, I said that whatever you want, I will do it for you.”

After Leng Lingyun finished speaking, she led the people behind her to the fountain without hesitation.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Leng Lingyun’s back and wanted to say something, but nothing came out of her mouth.

The young lord glared at Leng Lingyun’s back, almost wanting to eat him up.

“Let’s go, we can’t let that pretty boy take the initiative!” The young master pulled Feng Yixuan toward the fountain as well. As he walked, he turned around and said to Qi Aushuang, “We’ll do it even faster than that pretty boy!”

Feng Yixuan looked at Qi Ao Shuang with a complicated look in his eyes, hesitating to speak. There was a deep sadness in the depths of his eyes.

The White Emperor glanced at Ao Shuang, then turned to Hei Yu and said, “Let’s go.”

“Where are we going?” “The victor hasn’t been decided yet.” Black Feather brandished his weapon and was about to attack again.

The White Emperor didn’t bother with him. Instead, he walked straight ahead, stood beside the fountain, and said in a cold voice, “Are you going or not?”

“Let’s go!” Hei Yu let out a cold snort and hurriedly chased after him. Before he descended, he turned his head to look at Qi Ao Shuang.

The silhouettes of everyone disappeared into the fountain.

Camil’s face revealed a gentle smile. “Let’s go, Little Ao Shuang.”

Looking at the bright fountain, Xiao Ao Shuang did not hesitate and quickly walked forward. Camil’s face flashed with an indescribable look as he silently followed behind her.

As Qi Aushuang stepped into the fountain, the scenery around her changed.

It was dark. At the same time, Xiao Ao Shuang also started to feel dizzy, and a strange restlessness began to circulate in her body. Gradually, his consciousness became blurry. There seemed to be the call of a treasure cat in his ears.

When Qi Aushuang woke up again, she saw green trees, blue sky and white clouds.

“Meow ~ ~” With a soft cry, Qi Ao Shuang regained her senses and sat up. She saw that the Maneki-Neko had already separated from her body and was now quietly crouching beside her. When she woke up, her lake-colored eyes were filled with joy as she jumped up and down on her lap. The Maneki-Neko was now as cute as it was before, snow-white and petite.

Qi Ao Shuang hugged the Maneki-Neko gently, rubbing her head, indicating that she was fine. He turned around habitually, but he didn’t find any trace of Camil.

What about Camille?

Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly stood up in surprise.

No one was around.

Only a fresh breeze blew by, bringing with it the scent of flowers.

Leng Lingyun, who was the first to enter the fountain, did not see it either, and neither did Feng Yixuan and the young master. The White Emperor and Black Feather didn’t continue to stay there. Even Camil who had been by her side the entire time had disappeared!

She was alone.

What was going on? Where is this?

Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she looked around, feeling puzzled.

“Meow ~ ~” The Chosen Treasured Cat hid in Qi Ao Shuang’s arms and meowed softly.

Qi Ao Shuang lowered her head and looked at the Maneki-Neko that had separated from her body, and she thought for a while. Could it be that it was because of this place that the Treasure Cats were separated from his body?

So, where is this place?

Xiao Aushuang sat down, she was under a big tree. Leaning against the tree, he looked up at the blue sky. Xiao Aushuang remembered what that voice said.

Stop the Holy War… It could be separated. If you don’t want to fight, it doesn’t mean that the supreme ruler of the Divine Realm doesn’t want to fight …

All this seemed to be expressing something.

Could that fountain be the Space Gate?

And this was the Divine Realm?

The reason why the supreme experts of the demon realm had sent them all to the divine realm was so that they could prevent the Holy War here?

Qi Ao Shuang slowly stood up and looked around.

Was this the Divine Realm? But how come it doesn’t look any different from a rural village?

At first glance, he saw a large area of farmland and orchards. In the distant fields, there were actually people working.

Was the Divine Realm like this? Or was there something wrong, or was this not a divine realm at all?

Xiao Ao Shuang was carrying the Treasure Cat and walking slowly towards the farmlands ahead. Perhaps, those who were working there could tell her the answer.

As Qi Aushuang approached, she saw that the laborers were no different from the farmers in the human world. Their clothes and farm implements were almost the same.

“Excuse me…” Qi Ao Shuang said softly.

The person working in the fields was a middle-aged man. The middle-aged man raised his head to look at Qi Ao Shuang and was stunned. It was all because of Qi Ao Shuang’s attire.

“Miss, may I ask if you’ve gotten lost while playing around?” the middle-aged man asked carefully.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, she couldn’t understand why the man in front of her would ask such a question.

“Meow!” The Lucky Cat in Qi Ao Shuang’s arms suddenly waved its claws and let out a low cry.

The middle-aged man’s eyes immediately became misty. He then started to laugh foolishly as he asked woodenly, “Miss, what do you want to know?”

Qi Ao Shuang touched the Maneki-Neko’s head, instantly realizing that it was Ah’Bao who had used the Charm on the person in front of her.

Very smoothly, Qi Ao Shuang obtained the information she wanted.

This was indeed the Divine Realm.

However, it was the lowest level place in the Divine Realm. It was a small village. The Divine Realm was not the place where Qi Ao Shuang started thinking about. Everyone was an angel flying around with wings, and not all of them had fighting abilities. The only way to become a warrior to protect the Goddess was to obtain wings through the final recognition of the Goddess. Every year there will be a selection.

And the Divine Realm wasn’t decided by the Goddess of Light. There are many gods here. The Goddess of Light was only in charge of managing the Mortal Realm. There were also some Demigods, such as the Goddess of Love, the Goddess of Luck, and the Goddess of Bad Fortune. The highest ruler was the Elders Guild!

The Father and the Mother do not care about these matters. The Goddess had been asleep the entire time, while the Godfather was standing guard by her side. Rather than saying it was a guard, it was better to say it was suppressing the urge to wake her up. This was because the Goddess was tyrannical and only knew how to destroy. The god was the opposite.

As for where the god and mother were, no one knew, not even the highest of elders.

As for the reason why Xiao Aushuang was considered to be the daughter of a wealthy family by the man just now, it was because Qi Aushuang was dressed very elegantly. In such a remote and backward village, she did not wear such clothes. Only in a distant town or town could a rich family wear such clothes. A person like that, whether he was rich or not, was not someone a commoner could afford to offend. Naturally, he was not surprised by Xiao Lingshuang’s attitude.

After receiving such news, Xiao Ao Shuang had summoned the Treasure Cat to help him remove the charm from his memories and left.

In other words, the initiative of the war was actually held by the so-called Council of Elders. Even the goddesses had to obey them. What kind of place was the Council of Elders, and what kind of people did it consist of?

One had to know that this was the only way to the central city that the farmer had talked about. That was where the high-level Angels and the Goddess and the Elders Guild were located.

But it was not easy to get there. For the city was floating in the air, and all the inhabitants of it had white wings. The only ones without wings were the Goddesses and the Elders, but such a person could not be faked.

It seemed that he would have to sneak in.

However, there was an important piece of information that the farmer forgot to say out loud.

This Divine Realm was made up of many small spaces. All cities had to rely on a transmission array to travel between them. In addition to paying a certain fee, there must be a reason to travel between cities. For example, the people who traded goods or sent letters could only leave the city through strictly guarded teleportation portals with identity documents.

Qi Ao Shuang spread her fiery wings and flew across the farmland, seeing a small village in the distance. After circling the small village and not being noticed by others, they continued to fly forward. It was only when a small town appeared before his eyes that he folded his wings and descended.

Outside of the town, they saw a luxurious horse carriage driving into the town. Surrounding the horse carriage were four Eight-winged Angels!

To think that an angel of such a high level like the Eight-winged Angel would appear in such a small town, it was definitely not normal. According to what the farmer said earlier, these powerful Angel Warriors usually wouldn’t appear in such a small place. After being chosen as a guard for the goddess, he would no longer return to his hometown. At most, he would only write letters to each other.

Qi Ao Shuang’s gaze fell on the luxurious carriage. Could it be that the carriage carried an unusual person?

Qi Ao Shuang thought for a moment before following the carriage from a distance. The horse carriage did not stop in the town. It drove through the town in a hurry.

Qi Ao Shuang followed him silently. Someone who could use the Eight-winged Angel as a guardian shouldn’t be so simple. Qi Ao Shuang noticed that the carriage was in a hurry, and the expressions of the Eight-winged Angels were grave.

Just like that, Qi Ao Shuang followed from afar, keeping her distance so that the other party could not discover her, and did not let him out of her sight.

After travelling for a long time, the horse carriage finally stopped at a quiet place.

“Radiant Goddess, please be careful of your feet.” An eight-winged angel stretched out his hand and helped him to the door of the carriage.

Qi Ao Shuang’s heart skipped a beat.

Her Highness the Goddess?!

The Goddess of Light?!

The goddess of light that made him lose his mother, Catherine?

The Goddess of Light who destroyed his mother’s body and soul?!

The person in this luxurious carriage in front of them was actually the Goddess of Light?!