Volume 1

Chapter 247

Stunning Edge - C247

Qi Ao Shuang glared at the carriage in front of her, the Goddess of Light! Was his enemy in front of him? Was that person in the carriage the Goddess of Light?

Qi Ao Shuang felt like her heart was about to stop, her mind suddenly went blank. In his heart, there was an indescribable feeling. I actually met the Goddess of Light here? How should he deal with it? To brutally kill her? Destroying her soul, making it impossible for her to reincarnate.

A snow-white hand slowly extended from the carriage and gently placed on the arm of the Eight-winged Angel. With the assistance of the Angel, she slowly got off the carriage.

Qi Ao Shuang clenched her fists, her eyes bloodshot. With her enemy right in front of her, how could she restrain herself?

“Your Highness, let’s rest here for a bit.” The Eight-winged Angel said with soft concern.

“Alright.” The Goddess of Light let out a low grunt of agreement, and her figure gradually appeared in front of the carriage.

After seeing the face of the Goddess of Light clearly, the originally tense Qi Ao Shuang was stunned.

This? How is this the goddess of light?!

Qi Ao Shuang clearly remembered the appearance of the Goddess of Light. Even when the Radiant Goddess had only revealed her faint appearance back then, Qi Ao Shuang had carved her face into her mind and carved it into her heart.

However, the Goddess of Light in front of him was completely different from the one in his memories. Although the goddess before him was very beautiful, she was definitely not the same Radiant Goddess from before!

Don’t talk about it, even the voices were different!

What was going on?

"Your Highness, this place should be safe. “Don’t worry.” The Eight-winged Angel comforted him in a low voice.

Dressed in a white dress, the goddess of light nodded, her beautiful face full of worry.

“We vow to protect the goddess, only you are our goddess of light!” “Even if we are the last, we will do our best to protect you!” The Eight-winged Angel said resolutely. The other three of the Eight-winged Angels had firm expressions on their faces as well.

Qi Ao Shuang frowned in confusion. What was the meaning of this scene in front of her? Listen to them. Angry. Could it be that the Goddess of Light wasn’t the only one? And their numbers weren’t limited to just so many people. Was it because they had been attacked that there were only four left? At the very least, Qi Ao Shuang was certain that the Radiant Goddess before her was not the same one that had a grudge against her.

Then, who was this goddess of light?

And what did these Eight-winged Angels say about defending her with their lives? Was there someone who wanted to harm the Radiant Goddess in front of him? Who would want to harm them?

Qi Ao Shuang hid her aura and stood in the distance, looking at the group of people in front of her, trying to figure out what was going on.

Just as Qi Ao Shuang was thinking about it, there was some movement from the other side.

“Traitor, today you will die without a burial ground!” An arrogant shout rang out. The sound of wings flapping rang out unceasingly, and a large number of Angels descended from the sky. The eight-winged Angels and winged Angels approached menacingly, wielding their swords to attack the eight-winged Angels protecting the Goddess of Light.

“Protect her highness the Goddess!” The leading Angel of Eight Wing stood in front of them with a resolute look on his face.

“Marilyn, if you know what’s good for you, just follow us back to the hearing!” The attacking Angels of the Eight Winged Angels all called out hoarsely.

“Impudent! Are the names of goddesses something you can directly call?” The Eight-winged Angel, who was blocking in front of the goddess, raised his sword and let out an angry shout. Pah! What goddess! She was no longer the Goddess of Light! “How dare you disobey the Elders Guild’s decision!” The attacking Eight-winged Angel hacked down towards the Eight-winged Angel, blocking in front of the Goddess.

The scene before them was a chaotic, intense battle. The four Angels tightly protected the goddess within.

But in the end, they were still outnumbered and gradually fell into a disadvantageous position. All of them were wounded and in a sorry state.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the scene before her as she pondered.

From the looks of it, there seemed to be an internal conflict within the Divine Realm. The Goddess of Light in front of him wasn’t the Goddess of Light he knew, and the Goddess of Light wasn’t their name, but merely the title of a position.

This goddess of light seemed to be at odds with those elders. It is the supreme ruler of the world that can wage war

Council of Elders. Since it wasn’t right, did it mean that the goddess of light in front of them didn’t want to obey their orders and was being hunted in exile?

Isn’t this a gang?

An enemy of the enemy is a friend.

Perhaps the goddess Marilyn could make use of it.

Even if he couldn’t use it, saving him and killing him would be the same.

As Qi Ao Shuang thought of this, her silhouette flickered, leaving behind only afterimages.

Since he wanted to help, he naturally had to be thorough.

Golden light flashed as the divine artifact once more struck out.

Marilyn felt a flash in front of her eyes, a flash of golden light, and she saw the angels who had attacked her fall down like fairies from heaven. Moreover, if it were not a complete one, it would have been cut in half!

The attacking Angels had no way to resist at all.

It was a massacre, a total massacre, bloody and brutal.

Marilyn stared in astonishment at the young girl dressed in luxurious clothing. The young girl had a pair of golden flaming wings on her back. She held a long, golden razor in her hand, and her beautiful face was cold as she brandished her sword. Angel corpses fell down one after another. What was inconsistent with the bloody scene was a little snow-white kitten that was lying on the back of the girl. The adorable kitten looked so out of place in the carnage.

“Who are you?” “You dare to stop the Elders Guild from working?!” An eight-winged angel bellowed, but his trembling voice betrayed his fear. He had never seen such a terrifying enemy. Cold-blooded, cruel, and vicious.

The answer was a sharp and ferocious golden sword beam! One hit kill!

The four angels in front of Marilyn just stared blankly at the fluttering Qi Ao Shuang in the sky.

Who was this girl? Why was it so terrifying? At this moment, she was effortlessly intercepting the flying Angels with a straight face. She was showing a relaxed expression. The aura of death instantly enveloped everyone.

Marilyn felt cold all over.

Was this cold-blooded and terrifying girl the person who had saved him? Why did he have to save her?

But, for one thing, Marilyn was glad. The girl had chosen to save them, not attack them.

Otherwise, they would be the ones lying on the ground now.

The unilateral massacre was soon over. Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! None of the invading angels escaped

After dealing with all of this, Qi Ao Shuang retracted her wings and slowly landed in front of Marilyn.

Looking at the sharp eyes of the girl in front of her, Marilyn’s heart tightened.

As the four Eight-winged Angel watched Qi Ao Shuang approach, they felt an invisible pressure bearing down on them. Despite the fear in his heart, he still loyally stepped forward and placed Meryl behind him.

Xiao Ao Shuang laughed coldly and said lightly: “You think you can stop me?”

“All of you, leave.” Marilyn said softly.

The four Eight-winged Angels glanced at each other, finally standing at the back.

“Name!” Xiao Ao Shuang coldly spat out these two words.

“Marilyn Sophel.” At this time, she displayed an astonishing calmness, calmly looking at Qi Ao Shuang and replying, “It can be said that she is the former Goddess of Light.”

“Very well.” “Why would they be chased by people from the Elders Guild?”

"Because of the Holy War, I am unwilling to launch such a meaningless Holy War, so the Elders Guild wants to find someone to replace me. “I got the news in advance and escaped.” Marilyn knew that all tricks were useless in the face of absolute power, as opposed to total prominence.

A faint smile appeared on the corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth. It seemed that he had won the bet.

“You mean, a lot of people can become Radiant Goddesses?!” Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly. “Who are you?” The octagonal angel behind Marilyn made a sudden sound.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes turned cold, and with a single glance, the Eight-winged Angel couldn’t help but feel like he was being watched by a venomous snake. His back was covered in cold sweat. This young girl was truly terrifying!

"Don’t misunderstand, esteemed expert, I only felt that it was a little strange. “If she’s a person of this world, then she definitely knows that the Goddess of Light is not a person, but a position.” The Eight-winged Angel hurriedly pressed his hands together, indicating that he had no intention of provoking Xiao Ao Shuang.

“Your guess is correct.” Qi Ao Shuang’s face eased up, revealing a satisfied smile. It seemed that this time would be smoother than he had expected. This Marilyn didn’t want to start a jihad, and the octagonal angel beside her seemed to have brains.

As Qi Ao Shuang said this, the expressions of a few of the Eight-winged Angels, including Marilyn, changed.

“You, you’re not …” Marilyn said hesitantly.

“That’s right, I’m not from this world.” Xiao Ao Shuang said calmly. Just as she finished speaking, she suddenly felt something strange behind her. Qi Ao Shuang turned around and saw that the corpses of the Angels on the ground were glowing with a white light. Following that, white balls of light floated out from the dead corpses.

“What’s that?” Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly as she asked.

“That is the heart of an angel, the purest form of an angel’s power gathered after its death.” Marilyn replied, her mind racing. The powerful girl in front of him was not someone from the Divine Realm. So where did she come from? What was the purpose of his visit?

When Xiao Ao Shuang heard this, she did not hesitate and waved her hand. The white light that had been flying in the air was blocked by an invisible force and then gathered together.

All the white light was captured by Qi Ao Shuang into a barrier. Qi Ao Shuang looked at the white light in the barrier in her hand, and saw clearly what the angel’s heart looked like inside. Each angel heart is the shape of a chicken heart, crystal clear and unique. In the center of each angel’s heart was a small, pale shadow, exactly the same as the previous angel.

The little angels in the angel’s heart were all dazed with fear. The Angel Heart had landed in the hands of this terrifying young girl. No matter what, she was in dire straits. If they destroyed the Angel Heart, they would no longer have the chance to reincarnate!

Xiao Ao Shuang weighed the barrier in her hand, then she raised her head and looked at the different expressions of the Eight-winged Angel and Marilyn, revealing a brilliant smile. Her voice was filled with charm, “I think, next, we can have a good talk.” "