Volume 1

Chapter 240

Camil’s hand slowly moved from her neck to her abdomen. Just like that, it reached into her body and grabbed the life core from her body. Then, he abruptly pulled it out.

Terrified, Lila’s eyes slowly dimmed. Her body slowly weakened and before she even fell to the ground, she had already turned into sand!

Xiao Ao Shuang stared at Camil in a daze. The Camil in front of her was so strange and strange. Not the Camille she knew at all. The person in front of him exuded an incomparably cold and terrifying aura. The tail fur of the Maneki-Neko in Qi Ao Shuang’s arms stood up, its eyes wide open as it let out threatening whooshing sounds. Chasing Treasure Cats is more sensitive to danger than any race. The person in front of him was very dangerous, very dangerous. Xiao Ao Shuang was completely clueless as to what exactly was going on with Camil. Just a moment ago, he had wanted to take things easy and fend off that demi-human’s eldest daughter, but now, because of a single sentence, he had killed that eldest daughter.

Camil slowly turned around, and his gaze shifted to Qi Ao Shuang. Xiao Ao Shuang stared blankly into Camil’s eyes. There wasn’t a trace of warmth in those deep blue eyes, but it was like the most beautiful sapphire in the world, as if it could suck in someone. Qi Ao Shuang’s mind suddenly became a little muddled.

“Phew! Phew!” The Magic Treasure Cat suddenly chomped on the back of Qi Ao Shuang’s hand, awakening her from the pain. Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly woke up from her daze and looked away from Camil’s eyes. She was shocked in her heart at what was going on. Just a moment ago, he was confused.

Camil seemed to come back to his senses at this moment, frowning slightly. The coldness in his eyes vanished in an instant. He looked at Xiao Ao Shuang and revealed a gentle smile, saying softly, “Little Ao Shuang, I’m sorry. I almost couldn’t control myself.” Don’t look me in the eye when I’m out of sorts. "

Qi Ao Shuang slowly turned her head to look at Camil’s handsome face. Her heart was filled with shock. Who exactly was Camil? Camille, is that his real name? Maybe not at all? Was his name a taboo? Indeed, no one had ever asked for Camil’s name. Everyone knew Camil’s name from others. Naturally, no one had asked. This demi-human’s eldest daughter was the first to ask Camille’s name.

“Let’s go, Little Ao Shuang. This place is not suitable for us to stay in.” Camil said with a faint smile.

Qi Ao Shuang regained her senses, nodded lightly, and looked at the sand on the ground. The young lady who was showing off a moment ago completely disappeared just like that.

“Meow!” The Maneki-Neko hid in Qi Ao Shuang’s arms with lingering fear. It covered its eyes with its little paws and peeked at Camil.

Camil waved his hand gently, and a breeze blew past. The gravel on the ground dispersed, and nothing out of the ordinary happened. Camil pushed open the door and walked out with Qi Ao Shuang. The guard guarding the door watched in shock as the two of them walked out unharmed. Suddenly, he felt that something was wrong and rushed into the room, but he didn’t see her. After searching the entire room, there was no sign of her. The guard panicked and hurriedly chased after Camil and Qi Ao Shuang, trying to stop them from leaving. “Where is my lady?”

“How can you ask us where your lady is?” Camille smiled in reply.

“If xiaojie can’t find the person you’re looking for now, you have to ask the both of you!” Although the guard was panicking, he did not dare to treat Camil too badly. The young mistress’s whereabouts were unknown. Was it related to this person? As Hamms’ guards, they had naturally seen the world. Understand that one cannot judge a person by his appearance. Furthermore, the backing of this human was not something that a guard like them could afford to offend.

“Your family’s young miss has gone out the window to chase after someone. You can go look for her.” We can’t hide her from a living person like that. " Camil said faintly, “Alright, we still have matters to attend to. Please move aside.” Camil’s tone was polite, but cold sweat broke out on the guard’s back. He could not bear to look at the power of the gentle man.

The guard carefully stepped aside and watched Camil and Qi Ao Shuang leave. However, he engraved Camil’s appearance into his memory. He then hurriedly turned around to report to Hamms, waiting for his decision.

Camil and Qi Ao Shuang left the hotel silently. Camille was beside him, still smiling softly.

“Camil, you …” The two of them walked on the street for a long time. Qi Ao Shuang finally raised her head and prepared to ask what she wanted to say, but a figure in front interrupted her words.

The back of the person not far from the street in front was very familiar. Just like that, Qi Ao Shuang froze, her eyes stung by her fiery red hair.

Feng Yixuan, Feng Yixuan …

He was really in the Demon World as well …

Feng Yixuan! It really was Feng Yixuan! Qi Ao Shuang’s mind was completely blank. She stood still and stared at the person in front of her. Although his clothes and aura had changed, that was still Feng Yixuan!

Qi Ao Shuang saw that Feng Yi Xuan was about to leave, so she quickly stepped forward. Camil stood still, watching her with interest. Qi Ao Shuang quickly walked forward, and without thinking, she reached out her hand to grab onto the corner of Feng Yi Xuan’s clothes.

Feng Yixuan turned his head.

Their eyes met.

The air seemed to have congealed.

Surprise, joy, and pain flashed through Feng Yixuan’s eyes. All of these complex emotions disappeared in an instant. In the next moment, Feng Yixuan’s eyes became completely indifferent.

Qi Ao Shuang suppressed the joy in her heart. Looking at the person in front of her, she smiled and said softly, “Yi Xuan …”

However, the next scene that happened caused Qi Aushuang to be stunned.

Feng Yi Xuan said coldly, “Miss, you must have made a mistake.” I don’t know you. "

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. The person in front of her had fiery red hair, dark eyes, and a handsome face. This was Feng Yixuan; there was no mistake. However, Feng Yixuan’s arrogant aura was ice-cold at this moment. Even so, Qi Ao Shuang was certain that the person in front of her was Feng Yi Xuan. Moreover, when her and Feng Yixuan’s eyes had met just now, the emotions that flashed through his eyes had betrayed him. He must be Feng Yixuan!

“Yi Xuan, what’s wrong with you?” Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly. Just now, when he was walking over, he noticed that there was no one around with Feng Yi Xuan. Feng Yixuan was alone. It wouldn’t be inconvenient for him to meet her, right?

“I don’t know you.” My name isn’t Yi Xuan. “You’ve got the wrong person.” Feng Yixuan’s tone was still as cold as before. After throwing those words, he turned around to leave.

“Yi Xuan!” Qi Ao Shuang reached out her hand to grab onto the corner of Feng Yi Xuan’s clothes, but her hand was grabbed by a white hand. Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned. She turned around and saw that Camil’s handsome face was filled with gentleness.

Camil lightly shook her head at Qi Ao Shuang. Qi Ao Shuang did not understand. She turned her head to look ahead, only to see Feng Yi Xuan flying away without turning his head.

“Why?” Xiao Ao Shuang struggled free from Camil’s grasp, biting her lips gently as she asked in a low voice. It was unknown whether he was asking why Feng Yixuan didn’t acknowledge her or why Camil had stopped her from chasing after him.

“He, he must have his reasons.” Camille whispered back.

“Why is he here?” “He …” Xiao Ao Shuang lifted her head to look at Camil and asked anxiously.

“You want to ask if he has demonic energy on him? You want to ask if he’s a demon clan?” Camil reached out his hand and gently rubbed Qi Ao Shuang’s head as he asked in a low voice.

Qi Ao Shuang bit her lip as she watched Feng Yi Xuan’s back disappear from her sight. She nodded, wanting to chase after him again.

“All I can tell you is that he is not human, nor is he a demon.” Camil patted Qi Ao Shuang on the head with tender affection as she continued, “It’s better if he tells you himself.” “I stopped you because I felt that it was not appropriate for you to meet in such a situation.”

“Why?” Qi Ao Shuang watched as Feng Yi Xuan disappeared at the end of the street, her heart empty.

“You’ll know.” “Now, let’s go back to the popular city.” Camil sighed softly. “If Feng Yixuan wants to meet you, he will naturally come looking for you. If he doesn’t want to meet you, what’s the use of chasing after him?”

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. Her eyes gradually dimmed, and she slowly lowered her head in silence.

In the end, she slowly followed Camil back to the City Lord’s Mansion. At this moment, all she could think about was Feng Yixuan, and she even forgot why Camil knew Wanfeng Liu and why he also lived in his Mansion.

The night was as cold as water, silent and lonely.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned as she leaned against a huge pillar on the side of the corridor and looked up at the sky. A purple moon was hanging in the sky, giving off an indescribable demonic feeling. This was the Demon’s Moon.

Qi Ao Shuang was lost in thought as she stared at the purple moon. Her mind was filled with the cold mind of Yi Xuan. Why would Feng Yixuan appear in the Demon World? Why not recognize her? Qi Ao Shuang recalled Camil’s words. Feng Yi Xuan was not a human, but neither was he a demon. What was Feng Yixuan’s true identity? Was it because of Feng Yixuan’s unknown identity that he had appeared here? Would she not recognize him?

“Meow ~ ~” The Maneki-Neko squatted on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder, and rubbed its furry head against Qi Ao Shuang’s face.

Qi Ao Shuang turned her head around, looked at the treasure cat, then carried her down, revealed a faint smile and said in a low voice: “Ah’Bao, are you comforting me?”

“Meow ~ ~” The Chosen Treasured Cat waved its claws, then nodded its head vigorously.

“Thank you…” Qi Ao Shuang rubbed the cat’s head and smiled bitterly.

The Maneki-Neko nestled in Qi Ao Shuang’s arms, with its paws on Qi Ao Shuang’s arm, it squinted its eyes. Qi Ao Shuang looked up into the night sky and sighed softly. He really wanted to find Feng Yixuan and ask him what was going on. However, just like Camil had said, if Feng Yixuan didn’t want to say it, then it wouldn’t matter even if they caught up to him.

A wave of cold wind gently blew, and the air was moist and cold.

The Maneki-Neko’s squinted eyes suddenly widened as it struggled out of Qi Ao Shuang’s embrace. It let out a whoop and raised its tail, the fur on it standing up straight.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. After which, she abruptly turned around and saw a silhouette flashing past behind a pillar. The figure that stung her eyes!

Xiao Ao Shuang did not hesitate and immediately gave chase. It was Feng Yixuan, it was him! There must be no mistake!

Feng Yixuan quickly and silently left the City Lord’s Mansion. Qi Ao Shuang also tiptoed up and followed closely behind.

Feng Yixuan seemed to want to quickly shake off Qi Ao Shuang, who was behind him. He sped up and leapt towards the city gate, with Qi Ao Shuang following closely behind. She wanted to find out what was going on. Feng Yixuan pretended not to know her, but now he was secretly coming to see her. What did this mean?

Could it be that Feng Yixuan really had some unspeakable secrets? Thinking of this, Xiao Ao Shuang became anxious and sped up to chase after him.

The city gates were still open, and the guards were dozing off. The gates were always open during the time of the tourney. Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang left in an instant. The guard only saw a light breeze pass by. He raised his head and saw nothing. He only thought that he was seeing things and continued dozing off.

After leaving the city gate, they continued to chase to the west until they came to a forest. However, there was no sign of Feng Yi Xuan in front of them. Qi Ao Shuang stood in the middle of the forest with her eyes closed, but she couldn’t feel anything. Just like that, Feng Yi Xuan disappeared.

“Yi Xuan!” Yi Xuan! Qi Ao Shuang opened her eyes and called out to her in a low voice, but all that answered her was the rustling sound of the wind hitting the leaves.

There was no one around, nothing.

Qi Ao Shuang stood still, her eyes filled with disappointment.

“Meow ~ ~” The Maneki-Neko, who had been crouching on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder and hugging her neck, mewled softly, seemingly comforting her.

Qi Ao Shuang stretched out her hand and gently stroked the cat’s head. She let out a sigh, then turned around and prepared to go back. Just as he turned around, he met the pair of red eyes. The red eyes were bright and beautiful, and the red eyes were deep and deep. It was like a whirlpool that made one’s heart palpitate. And the arrogance in her eyes and beautiful face was so familiar.

“Young Chieftain!” Qi Ao Shuang stared at the person who had suddenly appeared in front of her. The red-eyed girl in front of him was the Young Master of the Devil Realm that Qi Ao Shuang had met in the Demon Area! That Young Master with the transcendent strength! Just like that, she silently appeared in front of him. At this moment, she was wearing a set of black clothes. The sleeves and hem of her clothes were embroidered with a golden pattern. It was noble and cold, dressed like a man. The Maneki-Neko let out a meow sound, and slid from Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder to behind Qi Ao Shuang, grabbing onto the clothes on Qi Ao Shuang’s back and hanging it on her back. His body was trembling slightly.

“If you don’t want to die, then don’t come near him!” The young master’s tone was no longer as casual and cynical as before. At this moment, her tone was abnormally cold and there was no trace of warmth in her eyes.

Him? Who? Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. The Young Lord of the Devil Realm actually appeared in the Demon World, and suddenly said these words in front of himself. Qi Ao Shuang frowned. She could feel the killing intent emanating from the young master. This was not a disguise. The young lord in front of her really wanted to kill her!

Who was the young master referring to him? Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she looked at the young master whose face was covered in frost. Suddenly, she came to a realization that she had been chasing after Feng Yi Xuan earlier. Could it be that the ‘him’ mentioned by the young master was Feng Yixuan? Qi Ao Shuang was shocked by her own thoughts. So, Feng Yixuan was a demon? And he knew the young master in front of him?

“Why?” Jian City asked in a deep voice.

“No reason.” The young lord’s tone didn’t have a trace of warmth, but a hint of emotion appeared in his eyes.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, because she could clearly see the intense hatred in the young master’s eyes! The young master was hating her! Why? “He suffered so much for you!” I really want to kill you! “I’ll dismember your body into ten thousand pieces, and scatter your soul!” The Young Lord’s blood-red eyes suddenly became even redder, and the hatred and hatred in his eyes grew more and more intense. A faint blush gradually appeared on her body.

The Maneki-Neko behind Qi Ao Shuang trembled even more intensely. She was very sensitive to danger. She only knew that this guy in front of her was very, very dangerous. If she wasn’t careful, she and her treasured treasure would lose their lives here! What a scary guy. Meow ~ ~ ~ Little Tian Tian ~ ~ Hurry and save me ~ ~ The Treasure Chaser lay on Qi Ao Shuang’s back, wailing in its heart.

Heaven Breaker, of course, couldn’t hear the howls of distress in the Maneki-Neko’s heart. As such, Xiao Ao Shuang and the Maneki-Neko had to face this extremely dangerous fellow before them.

Wei Ao Shuang was a little puzzled, as he did not understand why the young master, who was very friendly towards him before, now hated him so much. Could it be that Feng Yixuan was someone from the devil world, and even more so someone the young lord loved? That was why the young master was so resentful towards him? Could it be like this? However, the Young Lord’s eyes were different from Liu Xue Jing’s eyes!

The Young Master’s feelings towards Feng Yi Xuan was not the same as Liu Xueqing’s feelings towards Leng Lingyun! Qi Ao Shuang was certain of this.

The red light on the young lord’s body was getting brighter, and he was getting closer to Xiao Ao Shuang step by step. An immense pressure bore down on Qi Ao Shuang, and she subconsciously retreated backwards.

“Go to hell!” A vicious light flashed in the young lord’s eyes. He suddenly raised his hand, and a frightening red light condensed in his palm.

Xiao Ao Shuang’s eyes darkened, and she immediately took precautions.

In the next moment, the young lord’s hand was grabbed by a large hand, and a cold voice rang out: “If you want that person to hate you forever, then attack her.”

Qi Ao Shuang froze, staring blankly at the person who suddenly appeared beside the young master.

“Hmph!” The young lord’s eyes were filled with emotion, and then his gaze became distant, filled with indignation and unwillingness. Finally, he violently shook his hand free and turned around to leave in a rage.

That person just stood there silently, looking at Qi Ao Shuang.

“Lingyun …” Qi Ao Shuang opened her mouth and called out this name.

There was no mistake. In this world, only Leng Lingyun had this sort of appearance, and this sort of temperament. She had a head full of silver hair, a handsome face, and charming purple eyes. However, at this moment, a strand of hair was hanging down in front of Leng Lingyun’s forehead, obstructing one of his eyes, which no longer had eyes. This not only did not reduce his charm, but instead added a trace of indescribable charm.

“Ao Shuang.” A trace of a smile appeared on Leng Lingyun’s handsome face.

Qi Ao Shuang’s lips trembled. There were many things she wanted to say and many questions she wanted to ask. However, when the words reached her mouth, she couldn’t even utter a single word. He could only look deeply at the person before him as he slowly approached him. Leng Lingyun did not move. She just stood there silently, waiting for Qi Ao Shuang to come closer.

After what seemed like a long time, Qi Ao Shuang finally arrived in front of Leng Lingyun. Qi Ao Shuang extended her hand and slowly extended it towards Leng Lingyun’s face. Leng Lingyun did not move, only looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s bright and beautiful face.

Qi Ao Shuang carefully brushed aside the hair that was hanging down from Leng Lingyun’s head. In the next moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s pupils contracted. She clearly saw that one of Leng Lingyun’s pupils had lost its eyeball! It was a strange void! In other words, this purple crystal earring on his ear was really one of Leng Lingyun’s eyes!

“Why …” Xiao Ao Shuang asked with some difficulty.

“Yuhe …” I thought that Feng Yixuan was just an ordinary human. “And I’m not!” Leng Lingyun’s cold voice sounded out slowly, “So, I think he can give you what I can’t give you.” “But, I was wrong …” Leng Lingyun’s voice was faint and empty, yet it contained an indescribable determination.

Qi Ao Shuang withdrew her hand, but her gaze didn’t leave Leng Lingyun’s eyes.

“He’s not human.” I’m not going to let go so easily. " Leng Lingyun suddenly stretched out her hand, gently stroking Qi Ao Shuang’s hair, and smiled, “Ao Shuang, I will protect you.” I will fulfill all your wishes for you. As long as you are happy, I will subvert everything for you. “And what hurts your heart, I will destroy your mouth for you!”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the determination in Leng Lingyun’s purple eyes, an indescribable feeling welled up in her heart. She didn’t even know what this feeling was.

“This earring is half of my strength.” Even if I am not with you, it will protect you in my place. " Leng Lingyun’s hand slid towards Qi Ao Shuang’s ear. She gently touched the purple earring and said those words that caused Xiao Ao Shuang to be shocked.

What? This earring was half of Lingyun’s strength?!

Then, who was Lingyun? What was his true identity?

“Alright, let’s go.” Leng Lingyun looked around and said in a deep voice, “Wan Fengliang, this person is not simple.” Be careful of him. "

Of course, Qi Ao Shuang knew that. To be able to stay outside of any influence in such a chaotic world, just from this, one could tell that this person was definitely not simple. However, it was unknown whether or not he was as uninterested in power as he appeared to be.

“Lingyun.” Qi Ao Shuang spoke softly. Before she could finish her sentence, she was interrupted by Leng Lingyun.

“Ao Shuang, I know you have many questions.” Leng Lingyun’s handsome face was filled with seriousness as she spoke slowly in a deep voice. Due to the disorder of the spatial tunnel, there were some people from the Devil Realm that came in. However, I’m not sure if anyone from the God Realm came in. Yi Xuan is from the Demon race, that’s all I know. No one could predict what would happen during this competition. I don’t want you to risk it. I’ll take care of it. "

Was Feng Yixuan a demon?

Although Qi Ao Shuang had already guessed this, but after Leng Lingyun confirmed it, she still had an indescribable feeling in her heart.

If Feng Yixuan is a demon, then what about you? Lingyun, what about you? You’re not human, then who are you?

“I am of the Monster race.” Leng Lingyun seemed to notice Wei Ao Shuang’s confusion. A faint smile appeared on her handsome face. “I’ve been floating in the Mortal Realm for a thousand years, and my memories were slowly recovering.”

“A thousand years?” “In that case, are you the same as the White Emperor and Black Feather, having gone to the Mortal Realm after the Holy War?” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a low voice.

“Alright.” Leng Lingyun’s eyes flashed with an indescribable glint, as if she was hiding something. She only replied with a faint “En!” before leaving.

"I have something else to do. I’ll come back for you. “When I’m not around, you have to take care of yourself and be careful of this Feng Liu guy.” Leng Lingyun sent Qi Ao Shuang back to the city gate. Before she left, she repeatedly told Qi Ao Shuang to be careful of Wan Feng.

Qi Ao Shuang stared at Leng Lingyun, but she didn’t say anything else. In the end, the words that came out of his mouth only turned into one sentence, “En, you have to be careful!”

Looking at Leng Lingyun’s figure disappearing from sight, an indescribable feeling arose in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart.

Feng Yixuan, Leng Lingyun, the Young Chieftain of the Demon World, White Emperor, Black Feather, Camil, Wanfeng … Why did it feel so messy? However, there seemed to be a connection between them.

hat was going on behind all this?

As Xiao Aushuang carried the Maneki-Neko and walked on the street in the darkness, occasionally a Demonic Beast would pass by, and upon seeing a human like Qi Aushuang walking on the street alone, they would be surprised and confused. After seeing the rose badge under Qi Aushuang’s collar, they would all show understanding expressions and then leave. Xiao Aushuang stroked the rose emblem as he thought in his heart, Wan Fengliu truly wasn’t a simple person with such deterrence.

After Xiao Ao Shuang returned to the Mayor’s mansion, the guards at the entrance and the beautiful female servants in the main hall all felt a little strange when they saw Qi Ao Shuang coming back. They did not see Qi Ao Shuang leave, but now Qi Ao Shuang came back.

Ignoring the suspicious gazes of these people, Qi Ao Shuang walked straight to her own room. Tonight, the White Emperor and Black Feather did not return to the City Lord’s Mansion. Instead, they sent word to Wan Fengliang to take care of Xiao Aoshuang, and also to Qi Aoshuang. Both of them said the same thing, and came back to fetch her as soon as they were done.

In the corridor, Qi Ao Shuang saw the white figure quietly leaning against the pillar, waiting for her.

Camil watched as Qi Ao Shuang approached. He smiled faintly and said softly, “Have you seen them?”

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang stopped, lowered her eyes and said softly, “En.”

“What do you want to do?” Camille asked softly.

“I, I don’t know…” Qi Ao Shuang shook her head slowly. “I don’t even know what the situation is right now.” I saw the man. The Young Chieftain of the Devil world …

“Let’s go inside, it’s cold outside.” Camil stepped forward and gently rubbed Qi Ao Shuang’s head as he spoke in an affectionate tone.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Camil with a complicated expression. In the end, she nodded lightly and walked with Camil to his room.

Entering the room, Camil poured a steaming cup of scented tea for Qi Ao Shuang. It was obvious that she had just made it not long ago.

"The reason why the young lord of the Oasis World killed me was because of Yi Xuan. Lingyun suddenly appeared and saved me. " Qi Ao Shuang held the teacup in her hands, but she did not take a sip. She lowered her head and said softly.

“Hehe, Little Ao Shuang, I won’t let others kill you.” Camil sat beside Qi Ao Shuang and said those words lightly.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned, turning to look at Camil’s gentle smile. Could it be that Camille was here as well? Did he follow me out? But Lingyun made his move, so he didn’t make his move?

Xiao Ao Shuang did not relish Camil’s words. I won’t let anyone kill you. Then, isn’t it fine if you’re not someone else’s person? “Who else could it be?” “This … this … this … this … this … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is …”

“Yi Xuan is a demon …” Why did he come to the Demon World? " Xiao Ao Shuang seemed to be asking Camil, but she also seemed to be asking herself … Lingyun is from the Monster race, he went to the Mortal Realm after the Holy War, and now he has returned to the Demon Realm … Don’t think too much about it. You don’t have anything to think about right now. " Camille comforts gently, “So think of nothing.” You’ll always know what all this is about. You’ll know when you know. "

Looking at Camil’s dark blue eyes, Qi Ao Shuang’s heart was filled with complex emotions. In the end, she nodded gently.

After a cup of scented tea, Qi Ao Shuang said good night to Camil and returned to her room. Lying on the bed, Qi Ao Shuang felt an indescribable sadness in her heart. Why did it always feel like people who were very familiar with the surroundings had become so unfamiliar? What was going on with all this …

Early the next morning, Camille knocked on the door, smiled and said to take Qi Ao Shuang for a stroll to see the prosperity of the Demon World.

What he didn’t know was that he was in trouble the moment he stepped out of the door.