Volume 1

Chapter 241

Qi Ao Shuang was not in high spirits, but she could not bear to brush away Camil’s interest. Looking at Camil’s gentle smile, Qi Ao Shuang understood that Camil was looking at her downcast and wanted to take her out to relax. After hurriedly washing up, Camil didn’t even let Qi Ao Shuang eat breakfast before leading her out the door. He said that they were going to the streets to eat good food and have a taste of the Demon World’s delicious food.

When it came to food, the Treasure Cat would meow excitedly. She had no resistance to food.

Just like that, Camille and Qi Ao Shuang left the house. Without any attendants following them, the two of them went out on the street alone.

In a tall pavilion in the City Lord’s Mansion, Wan Feng Liu stood by the window, looking at the figures of Camil and Qi Ao Shuang. His eyes were deep and profound. She held a beautiful rose in her hand and gently shook it. After Camil and Qi Ao Shuang left, Wan Feng’s gaze gradually turned cold. He threw the rose out of the window, turned around and left.

The food of the demon realm was not as strange or bloody as humans imagined. On the contrary, the food of the demon realm was incomparable to the food of the human world. Qi Ao Shuang sat in the elegant and quiet room, looking at the delicious table in front of her, feeling a little surprised. She had never seen these ingredients before. There was also a strange looking fruit that emitted a tempting fragrance. The waiter carefully cut the fruit into thin slices before following Camil’s instructions.

The Calling Treasure Cat used its claws to dig this, touching that, and then gave Camille an innocent look. To her knowledge, this golden-haired blue-eyed fellow was actually extremely dangerous. He was even more dangerous than the red-eyed ferocious woman from last night. This terrifying fellow had bought all the delicious food on the table. Naturally, he had to get his approval first before he could move his mouth.

Camil smiles gently, placing some delicacies on a clean plate and pushing it in front of the Maneki-Neko. The Maneki-Neko meowed and glanced at Camil carefully. When it saw Camil smiling and nodding, it felt relieved. He mewled happily and was about to start.

Looking at the greedy look on the Maneki-Neko’s face, Qi Ao Shuang could not help but reveal a faint smile.

“Little Ao Shuang, you still look cute when you smile.” Camil looked at the smile on Qi Ao Shuang’s face and spoke softly.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned. Looking at Camil’s gentle face, she smiled. He picked up the knife and fork by his hand and smiled: “Thank you.”

Camil smiled, not saying a word. He also picked up his knife and fork, preparing to cut a piece of grilled fish for Qi Ao Shuang.

The Maneki-Neko squinted its eyes happily, opened its mouth wide, and was about to bite down on the delicacies on the plate in front of it.

However, at this moment, the phenomenon suddenly appeared.

Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly felt the killing intent in the air retreat quickly.

With a loud boom, the table in front of him vanished into nothingness. A long cloud of dust filled the entire room. A huge axe was nailed to the floor, and all the delicacies were naturally destroyed. The door to the box had been destroyed.

Camil was still sitting at the same spot with an indifferent expression on his face. However, he didn’t even get a bit of the juice. He still had the perfect, aloof look. His eyes were calm, without any signs of joy or anger.

The only thing going crazy was the Treasure Cat!

The Maneki-Neko retreated to Camil’s side. Looking at the mess on the ground, its amber eyes gradually turned red. It was a harbinger of her anger. With great difficulty, he was finally able to taste the delicacies of the Demon World. However, the calamity that came flying at him completely overturned him.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the mess in front of her, the axe still glowing with a faint black light, and then at Camil with an indifferent expression. Who attacked them? And in such a public place. That Hamms? Impossible. Hamms was not such a brainless man. Even if he found out that his sister had disappeared, he wouldn’t act so rashly. With such a high-profile attack, it seemed more like a test.

There was a thick iron chain on the handle of the axe on the ground. A tall and muscular demon clan member stood at the entrance, a sneer on his face as he looked in this direction. His four limbs were entwined with a thick iron chain. It was extremely strange. Beside him stood three demons with different appearances. One was a beautiful woman in revealing clothes. She held a whip in her hand, which was wrapped around her arm. The other two were both males. One of them had a cold and indifferent expression, his face full of disdain. On his back was a huge blade, and the other was wearing a long robe, holding a pitch-black, shiny scepter in his hand.

Camil looked at Qi Ao Shuang, a faint smile appearing on his face. He said softly, “My warm breakfast with my Xiao Ao Shuang has been ruined just like that.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the monsters at the door, her eyes turning cold. In such a sensitive period before the Martial Competition Conference, the Monster race dared to cause trouble in front of such a large crowd. Even the three forces were wary and would not do such a thing. However, this was a demon’s courage. Furthermore, up until now, the manager of this hotel had yet to appear.

What exactly were the origins of these demi-humans?

“Go to hell!” The tall demon clan member suddenly pulled the iron chain in his hand and pulled the axe that was nailed to the ground up. The heavy axe seemed weightless as it was easily grasped in the hands of the Monster race. The other party clearly wanted them dead. Without further explanation, the other three demon clans all grasped their weapons and prepared to move forward.

The demon clan member holding the pitch-black scepter began to mumble, chanting an incantation that Xiao Ao Shuang was completely unable to understand.

Camille did not move, nor did Qi Ao Shuang.

Looking at Camil’s calm face, Qi Ao Shuang knew very well that Camil was angry.

What would the angry Camil do with these few monsters? Qi Ao Shuang was not in a hurry to fight with these monsters. She knew that Camille would simply finish this.

The few monsters at the entrance rushed in viciously.

However, before Camille could do anything, the Treasure Cat did something that surprised everyone in the room.

The Lucky Cat let out a whooshing sound as it hopped in the middle, blocking the way of the few demi-humans.

The few demi-humans were stunned for a moment before their faces revealed expressions of ridicule and disdain. Even the demon clan member who was chanting stopped chanting and looked at the adorable kitten in amusement. A Little Demon like this who didn’t even have a human form, and didn’t even have a clear mind, actually dared to stand in front of them and block their way.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, and was about to call out for the treasure cat.

Camil thought for a moment, then narrowed his eyes and watched the scene before him with interest. He had no intention of taking action.

“Meow!” At this moment, the Maneki-Neko’s eyes were abnormally red. Her heart was filled with resentment. Those delicacies were so close to her mouth just a moment ago, but they were all destroyed by those guys who didn’t know what was good for them!

“Hmph!” The Demon Race member holding the axe sneered in disdain. He brandished his axe and directly smashed it towards the position of the Spirit Treasure Cat.

Qi Ao Shuang’s heart tightened, but just as she was about to take action, Camil gave her a look, signaling her not to act rashly. Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned for a moment. After hesitating for a moment, she chose to follow Camil’s instructions. Camil would never do anything without confidence. From the beginning to the end, he had never even given these few demi-humans a second glance.

The huge and heavy axe smashed towards the Lucky Cat, but Camil didn’t move at all.

A cruel and disdainful smile appeared on the tall and sturdy demon clan member’s face. In his eyes, this kitten had already become a pile of meat sauce.

In the next moment, his smile froze on his face. The few monsters beside him were also completely stunned.

Just like that, the huge and heavy axe stopped above the Maneki-Neko’s head, not falling down for even half a minute.

Xiao Ao Shuang was not surprised. With Camil here, how could these monsters be able to harm Ah’Bao? Naturally, Xiao Ao Shuang understood this as being caused by Camil.

However, the next moment, even Qi Ao Shuang was stunned.

“Meow!” The Maneki-Neko let out an angry cry. Suddenly, a gale arose in the room and everything was blown away. Qi Ao Shuang formed a barrier to block this strange wind. Camil sat where he was with an indifferent look on his face. He did not move. He was not affected by the wind in the slightest. He did not form a barrier, nor did he fight back. He just sat there quietly. The gale seemed to deviate away from him, automatically circling around him.

The few demi-humans frowned. This wind was a little strange. What shocked them even more was that the aura of the little kitten on the ground was suddenly strengthened rapidly.

Xiao Ao Shuang looked at the Maneki-Neko on the ground and then at Camil. She instantly understood that the scene before her eyes had nothing to do with Camil! This was the power of a treasure cat! Camille’s unfathomable power did not have to be so painstaking. He had always enjoyed the supreme beauty when he killed people, and never acted in such a crazy way. There is no beauty in such a wild Camille definition.

The gale grew stronger and stronger. Several of the demi-humans were unable to open their eyes.

In the next moment, in front of Qi Ao Shuang’s astonished gaze, the small body of the Maneki-Neko gradually grew bigger, and her furry tail also changed at the same time. From one to thirteen in an instant! Thirteen huge snow-white tails danced in the room, shocking everyone.

All of a sudden, the Maneki-Neko had changed from the harmless kitten from before to its current state. Its body was as big as a small elephant, its blood-red eyes had snow-like fur, and its thirteen tails were wildly flying in the air. The demonic aura emitted from its body made one’s heart palpitate. It could be said to be a killing intent.

“Meow!” The Maneki-Neko let out a low growl, and a few of its tails already moved. With lightning speed, he swept his gaze towards the few demi-humans.

The four monsters were entangled by the tail of the Maneki-Neko and did not have any time to react, let alone struggle. With a few popping sounds, their four bodies turned into a bloody mist and disappeared into the air. Not even the life core remained!

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the Maneki-Neko in shock. This was the true appearance of the Maneki-Neko? Was this her true strength?

Camil stroked his smooth and beautiful chin, looking at the Maneki-Neko thoughtfully.

Before Qi Ao Shuang could recover, the Maneki-Neko suddenly turned around and glared at Xiao Ao Shuang and Camil. His blood-red eyes were filled with bloodlust and malevolence.

The Maneki-Neko was actually attacking Qi Ao Shuang and Camil!

“The infernal energy has rushed out. She doesn’t recognize you anymore.” Camille explains quietly to Qi Aoshuang why the treasure cat wants to attack them.

“Baleful aura?” Qi Ao Shuang was surprised.

“Not bad, her body is filled with a heavy killing intent.” “Once it’s released, it will attack any living creature in the surroundings. In the end, it will die because it can’t take it anymore.” Camil stroked his chin and said calmly, “It was someone who sealed her killing intent.”

Heaven Breaker? Did Heaven Breaker seal her killing intent? Was it to save Po that her killing intent was sealed?

However, for the sake of the destroyed food in front of him, Po had automatically broken the seal and released his killing intent.

“You already knew. In that case, why did you stop me?” “Isn’t Ah’Bao in danger this way?” Qi Ao Shuang asked anxiously, her tone tinged with reproach.

As soon as she said that, the Maneki-Neko brandished its sharp claws towards Qi Ao Shuang, and with a light flash, everything behind her was destroyed.

“I wasn’t sure before, but now I am.” Camil said, looking at the ferocious expression on the Maneki-Neko.

Qi Ao Shuang bit her lip, feeling anxious. The Maneki-Neko had followed Heaven Breaker, but had left with him. If she were to die here, not to mention being unable to explain things to Heaven Breaker, even Qi Ao Shuang wouldn’t allow such a thing to happen.

“What should we do now to save Ah’Bao?” Once again, Xiao Aushuang evaded the Lucky Cat’s deadly attack and asked urgently.

“Try sealing it again.” Camil threw up his hands helplessly. “I won’t do that.” Camil’s eyes flashed with a strange light, as if he was mocking himself, as if he was sad. Seal the infernal energy? The baleful qi in his body was probably the strongest in the world, so how could he seal the baleful qi of others?

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the Maneki-Neko that had lost control, and her heart was filled with anxiety. How could he seal the killing intent in the Treasure Cat’s body again? If Camille can’t do it, can I?

The Maneki-Neko did not manage to injure Qi Ao Shuang and Camil even after a few consecutive attacks. Clearly, it was getting a little impatient. She let out a low growl as her thirteen tails danced wildly behind her. Her eyes were so red that it seemed as if blood was about to drip out.

“Ah’Bao!” However, she could not bear to use her Fire Magic to harm her. All she wanted to do was get close to her, and see if she could use her power to calm her down.

The Lucky Cat opened its mouth wide, revealing its grim teeth as if it wanted to swallow Qi Ao Shuang whole.

Qi Ao Shuang flew in front of the Maneki-Neko, and with a tap of the tip of her feet, she flew directly to the front of the Maneki-Neko’s head. The Maneki-Neko stretched out its claws towards Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang extended her hand and pressed it onto the Maneki-Neko’s forehead. In that instant, everything around her seemed to come to a standstill.

Camil froze as well.

A blinding white light stung Camille’s eyes. This white light enveloped Qi Ao Shuang and the Maneki-Neko within. Camille looked at the white light, unable to speak for a moment. However, there was a trace of a deep look in his eyes.

After a long while, the white light finally disappeared.

Camil no longer had the shadow of a Maneki-Neko in front of him, and only Qi Ao Shuang remained standing on the floor, somewhat at a loss.

Qi Aushuang looked down at the floor, but did not see any sign of the Maneki-Neko. Looking around, he still did not see any sign of the Maneki-Neko.

Camil, on the other hand, looked at Qi Ao Shuang with a strange expression on his face.

“Where’s Ah’Bao?” “How did Ah’Bao disappear?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked urgently with a frown on her face.

“You, you touch your head.” Camil’s expression was no longer strange, but there was a hint of contemplation in his eyes.

Qi Ao Shuang reached out her hand to touch her head, feeling puzzled. It was impossible for Ah’Bao to be crouching on his head. If he was crouching on his head, how could he not feel the weight of the Treasure Cat?

As Qi Aushuang touched her head, her expression changed. He quickly reached out his other hand and touched his head.

A pair of big, furry, fleshy ears appeared on her head! Big ears like a treasure cat!

“What, what’s going on?” Qi Ao Shuang rubbed her big ears, not knowing whether to laugh or cry, feeling even more confused.

Camil stroked his chin, pondering for a moment before replying, “If my guess is correct.” “The Bounty Cat is now housed in your body to resolve its own infernal energy.”

“What?” Qi Ao Shuang was confused and confused. Ah’Bao is in her body now?

“I remember you mentioned to me that the Treasure Cat came with you.” Camil narrowed his eyes, a strange light flashing in his eyes before he slowly said, “The instinct to recruit a treasure cat is more sensitive than any other creature’s.” Maybe she subconsciously thought you were a treasure, so she followed you. “Maybe the subconscious she doesn’t know herself is that you can help her get rid of her bad breath.”

“Huh?” Qi Ao Shuang was dumbfounded. She pinched the big furry ears on her head, feeling a little pain. It was as if he was really a part of his body. I’m so dizzy, I’m so dizzy.

“That’s not bad either. Hehe, you’re a kitten demon now.” “Now that I have demonic spiritual energy on me, it’s much more convenient for me to travel around the Demon World.” Camil looked at the lovely furry ears on Qi Ao Shuang’s head and could not help but reach out to touch them.

“Stop messing around.” Xiao Ao Shuang slapped Camil’s hand away and frowned, “When can I return to my original state?” “Why can I resolve Ah’Bao’s infernal energy?”

"I also don’t know how you were able to resolve her infernal energy. “To return to her original state, of course, it will wait until the baleful qi in her body has been neutralized.” Camil smiled at the large ears above the head of Qi Ao Shuang.

Xiao Ao Shuang scratched her head in annoyance. Earlier, he wanted to test if he could subdue Ah’Bao by force, but who would have thought that such a thing would happen the moment he touched Ah’Bao’s forehead! Was there a mistake!? How baffling! I will shatter your heaven! When he saw Heaven Breaker, he would definitely blackmail him!

“Now, let’s have breakfast at another place.” Camil was in good spirits. He smiled and said, “Also, the people who ordered those demi-humans just now should have come looking for us.”

“Do you know who it is?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked curiously.

“You’ll know soon enough.” Camil had a smile on his face as he stroked the quivering ears of Qi Ao Shuang before retracting his hand with a satisfied expression under her furious gaze. Then, he took Qi Ao Shuang’s hand and walked out of the room, teasing her as he walked, “I wonder if you have a tail behind you.”

Xiao Ao Shuang was shocked, and she quickly turned her head to look. After reading it, he relaxed. Fortunately, there was still no tail behind him. If not, he would die of embarrassment.

Camil watched Qi Ao Shuang’s movements, a knowing smile on his face.

Just like that, the two of them left the hotel one by one. Unexpectedly, no one came forward to stop them, and no one bothered to talk to them about what had happened in the room just now. Everything seemed to be an illusion of Qi Ao Shuang.

Walking on the street, Qi Ao Shuang no longer attracted the attention of others like before. At this moment, she was a true demon, and a lower level demon. A demon clan with low magic power that even the ears on its head could not change.

Camille and Qi Ao Shuang sat down at a hotel on the other side of the street. As soon as the delicate dishes were served, Qi Ao Shuang widened her eyes. Qi Ao Shuang almost couldn’t control her urge to stutter. She instantly understood that this was the reason why the treasure cat was in her body. Xiao Ao Shuang gave a bitter smile, this little brat, he is still so restless living in her body right now.

Camille saw the look of embarrassment on Qi Ao Shuang’s face and couldn’t help but smile. He picked up the knife and fork for Qi Aoshuang to take a portion of each of the items and placed it in front of her. Looking at the delicious food in front of her, Xiao Ao Shuang felt a little hungry after not eating anything from morning till now. He picked up the knife and fork on the table and started to move.

At this moment, Xiao Ao Shuang no longer had her usual calm demeanor. She looked completely like a gluttonous cat. The smile on Camil’s face did not change.

“You, do you have a reason for coming here?” (Didn’t you say someone would come?) “)” Xiao Ao Shuang asked with her mouth full of food.

“The people who came were very polite. They knew to let us finish our breakfast first.” Camille smiles and graciously pours a cup of her favorite rosetea.

Qi Ao Shuang took the cup of tea and drained it in one gulp. Then he recalled Camille’s words. Was this the character of the person who came? What was the point of sending people to attack them? To Camille or to me? Or perhaps, it was all the same?

Xiao Ao Shuang was puzzled, but Camil had an indifferent look on his face as he elegantly drank his tea and ate his food. He waited quietly.

Who could it be?

After Xiao Ao Shuang finished eating, she put down her knife and fork and a white scarf appeared in front of her. He looked up and saw Camille’s gentle smile.

Qi Ao Shuang took the handkerchief and wiped her mouth, then sat up straight and said in a low voice: “I finished my meal.”

“Hmm, he should be here soon.” Camil narrowed his eyes and smiled faintly.

Just as Camille finished speaking, there was a light knock on the door.

“Come in.” Camil leaned back in his chair and casually said.

The door was pushed open, revealing a smiling face.

Looking at the person at the door, Xiao Ao Shuang felt a little surprised, but she also felt that it was only natural.

It was actually him!