Volume 1

Chapter 248

Stunning Edge - C248

The ice-cold blade pointed straight at Charlotte’s throat. Qi Ao Shuang’s expression was ice-cold.

“Miss Ao Shuang, you …” Marilyn looked terrified.

Charlotte broke out in a cold sweat on her forehead. She didn’t back away from Qi Ao Shuang’s icy eyes. She clenched her teeth and said, “You’re very powerful, but you can’t force us to do such an inhumane thing.”

Idiot! Qi Ao Shuang gave a cold laugh. These Angels were seriously brainwashed!

“Ruthless?” This means that you are very pure and honest, so you won’t use this kind of method to raise your strength. “And then, just like that, you wait for the next wave of people to come and slaughter you, destroy your angel hearts, and then take away the goddess you protect to a place where there will never be a day. Are you playing with her like a dog with your neck tied?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Charlotte with disdain, but didn’t intend to shut up. “You’re so naive and adorable, everyone else is about to chop off your head, yet you’re still sticking your neck out. Come, chop me to death, then please take the goddess away and humiliate her to your heart’s content.”

“You, you’re lying!” “No, I didn’t mean that!” Charlotte anxiously tried to defend herself as she anxiously looked at the pale-faced Marilyn.

“That’s what you mean.” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes turned cold, her sword moving forward a little, before she said softly, “Choose, become stronger, protect the goddess or be killed and she will be reduced to a plaything.”

Charlotte stared blankly at the barrier on the ground. The Angel’s Heart inside the barrier knocked randomly around inside, knocking the round barrier rolling around on the ground, but she couldn’t break free no matter what. These people were once their companions in learning how to bestow the warrior’s honor together! However, they were currently facing off against the swords. After completely absorbing them, they would no longer exist.

“Everyone’s beliefs are different. Their beliefs are to protect the Elders Guild, so that the Elders Guild’s people will forever act tyrannically and hide the truth.” “And your faith is to protect the Goddess, to let her bring light and purity and integrity to cover the world.” Qi Ao Shuang said casually from the side.

Faith?

Charlotte turned to look at the beautiful Marilyn. There was a deep helplessness in her beautiful face, in the depths of her beautiful eyes, the helplessness she needed him to protect. There was sadness, there was firmness. Yes, my faith is Marilyn! My faith is the Goddess of Light, Marilyn Soffel!

Charlotte’s eyes became firmer and firmer. Her vision was no longer blurred. He slowly bent down and picked up the barrier that he had just thrown to the ground. He then turned to look at the other three Eight-winged Angels and said solemnly, “Our faith is our Goddess of Light. What we have done today is the first step towards the light.” To banish the dark and dirty Council of Elders from power, and to restore the true light and purity of the Divine Realm. This path is full of controversy and thorns. Are you still willing to travel with me? "

“I do.” The three Angels all spoke in unison, their faces solemn.

“Alright!” Charlotte turned her head to look at Qi Ao Shuang. She nodded, her eyes filled with determination.

Marilyn stood to the side, her body trembling slightly. Looking at Charlotte so deeply, he couldn’t say it even if he got rid of the old donkey.

Qi Ao Shuang smiled faintly. To be able to speak so grandly of rebellion, it must be a characteristic of the Divine Realm. With a gentle flick of Qi Ao Shuang’s finger, the barrier in Charlotte’s hand broke. The angelic heart inside immediately fled in all directions, only to be captured by Charlotte’s Angels of the Eight Winged Angels.

Charlotte and the others didn’t stand on ceremony. So many angelic hearts were separately absorbed by the four of them, and very quickly, they were enveloped in a dazzling white light.

“They are about to advance!” Marilyn’s voice was small, but there was excitement that could not be hidden.

Nonsense! It would be strange if they did not advance to the next level after absorbing so many angelic hearts. If they did, it could only be said that they were trash to the extreme.

“Meow?” The Maneki-Neko climbed on top of Qi Ao Shuang’s head, looking for a high position to take a look at the Angels’ advancement.

“Ah —” The four Eight-winged Angels were enveloped by a strong refraction of light, and the figures of the people inside could not be seen clearly. They all let out a long, low moan. A pure power was spreading. Gradually, the white light disappeared. The eight wings on Charlotte’s back slowly spread out from both sides. They once again transformed into ten-winged Angels. The power of Angels gradually increased from Two-Winged Angels to Twelve-Winged Angels. Twelve-Winged Angels were extremely rare in the Divine Realm. The power of the Ten Winged Angels could no longer be underestimated. In the Divine Realm, there had never been such an evil method to raise one’s strength. And today Charlotte and the others did. It was unprecedented for him to instantly upgrade his eight wings to ten wings.

Marilyn’s eyes were filled with surprise and joy. How could she not be happy when she received four of the Ten Winged Angels’ hands to protect him?

When all the white light dispersed, Charlotte and the others’ silhouettes clearly appeared. The people before him were completely different from before. Their aura, strength, and even their looks had all improved. They were already handsome, but now, they were even more handsome.

It would seem that the Divine Realm was the same as the Demon and Demon Worlds. Their strength was proportional to their appearance.

"Well, the first step has been taken, and it will never be taken back. It’s time to discuss our next move. " Qi Ao Shuang looked at Charlotte, a little smug. The people in the Divine Realm were all hypocrites with benevolent and righteous mouths.

“I’ve never regretted taking this difficult first step.” Charlotte answered firmly, “So, Miss Ao Shuang, I won’t regret my decision in the future.” “I will follow your instructions one step at a time.”

"Don’t say that you will never be able to recover from such a calamity. You know, I’ve never tried to force you. This is your own way. " Qi Ao Shuang frowned and said coldly. Looking at these hypocritical members of the God Realm, Qi Ao Shuang felt displeased at the sight of her own face being ‘forced into prostitution’. What are you pretending for? You want to build a arch after being a bitch?

“I’m sorry, Miss Ao Shuang, my expression is incorrect.” If it makes you sick, I’m sorry. We chose this path ourselves. We will absolutely not regret it, and we will absolutely not blame you. On the contrary, we thank you for the way you have shown us. " Charlotte immediately explained when she saw Qi Ao Shuang’s displeasure.

Haha, this person is not simple after all. Qi Ao Shuang smiled and shook her head, not caring about it anymore.

Looking at the few people whose strength had increased greatly, Marilyn suppressed the excitement in her heart. She turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang and said softly, “Then, Miss Ao Shuang, what should we do next?” His tone was faintly laced with respect, flattery and gratitude. If it wasn’t for this human girl, she would have long been taken back to the Council of Elders. How could he have the chance to flip a card?

“So what will the Elders do when they take you back?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked lightly.

"Listen to the trial. Imprison after the verdict. “Then the new Goddess of Light will be selected and the ceremony will be held.” Marilyn’s eyes flashed with an almost imperceptible depth.

“Oh, so fast. The next Radiant Goddess has been decided?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked in a teasing tone, Marilyn’s eyes flashing with a deep look. She had caught it clearly.

“That’s right.” Marilyn clenched her teeth and slowly said, “The next Radiant Goddess is related to the elders of the Council. That’s why we openly support her.” “And now, before the ceremony, she has already publicly called herself the Goddess of Light.”

No wonder Marilyn was mentally unbalanced. The other side was showing off their backing, claiming to be the Goddess of Light even before she was stripped of her title. This was indeed a depressing matter.

“How do you know who your Radiant Goddess is?” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly thought of a key question. Why would the Council try to catch Marilyn? Based on their strength and prestige, they were free to ignore the current situation. First, they would place their designated candidates in the position of Radiant Goddess before dealing with Marilyn. From the looks of it, the Radiant Goddess should have a keepsake in her hand, just like the Imperial Jade Seal in the hands of the ancient Chinese emperors. Therefore, the Elders Guild had to first arrest Marilyn so that they could obtain her keepsake. Only then would they be able to successfully push their chosen person to the position of the Goddess of Light.

“It’s this.” Marilyn made a simple gesture on her forehead, and a small, seven-colored crystal gradually appeared on her forehead.

Xiao Ao Shuang looked over and saw that the small seven colored water day was embedded in Marilyn’s forehead, as if it was made by the heavens themselves.

"This is the symbol of the status of the previous Radiant Goddesses. They want to take back this item, but without it, there is no way for them to carry out the ceremony. This is because this is a treasure which is able to absorb the power of faith from inferior planes. Marilyn did not hide it. She was a smart person and knew that the young girl in front of her was not so easy to fool. Since it was a deal, he had to show some sincerity. Furthermore, even if Xiao Aushuang were to take this item, it wouldn’t be of any use. This was for absorbing the power of the Faith.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded slightly, understanding what was going on. In that case, even if he didn’t have to look for the Elders Guild, the Elders Guild would still come to Marilyn and the others!

Seeing Qi Aushuang nod her head, Marilyn relaxed and hid the seven-colored crystal back into her forehead. As far as she was concerned, the young girl before her seemed to have already thought of a way.

“The Elders Guild is secretly chasing after you, right?” The entire Divine Realm doesn’t know what’s going on inside you, does it? " Xiao Ao Shuang asked casually.

Marilyn was stunned for a moment before she nodded. “Yes, this is not a glorious matter. The Elders Guild will not reveal it to the public.” That’s why I can walk in these places. "

“That’s good.” “That means, in this world, with the exception of the Elders Guild and their people, in the hearts of everyone else, you are the true Goddess of Light!”

“Hmm …” Yes. “Marilyn is a little puzzled, she doesn’t understand what Qi Aoshuang wants to do.”

Qi Ao Shuang smiled. She didn’t immediately dispel Marilyn’s doubts. Instead, she asked, “Where is the God of Darkness now?” “That is the current God of Order.”

Marilyn’s expression changed slightly as she looked at Xiao Ao Shuang in astonishment. She asked hesitantly, “Miss Ao Shuang, why are you looking for Sistar?”

“Oh, is that guy’s name Sistar?” Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes and revealed a faint smile.

“Alright.” Hearing the tone of Qi Ao Shuang, and seeing his expression, Marilyn couldn’t understand why she was looking for the God of Darkness, West Starr. He was no longer someone to be trifled with. Ever since he had become the God of Order, his influence in the Lower Realms had grown. The Elders Guild was preparing for the Holy War, so they didn’t have the time to worry about him. But once the fight was over, he would definitely be in trouble.

“I wonder why Miss Ao Shuang is looking for him?” Marilyn asked hesitantly.

“He gave me so much suffering and took so much advantage of me. How can I not ask for some interest?” Qi Ao Shuang revealed a crafty smile. Now that the God of Darkness had come out of nowhere, most of his credit must be hers. From the beginning to the end, this guy never said thank you to me. He just gave me the Darkness Brand and then disappeared. This time, he had to go to his lair to gain enough benefits!

Marilyn was stunned for a moment before she immediately reacted. When she was ousted from the throne, the Dark God had many believers in the human world. He called himself the God of Order. They were old acquaintances. But why at this time?

“Miss Ao Shuang, the reason why you’re looking for Sistar is to …” Marilyn doesn’t understand. “If you want Sistar to help us, I’m afraid it’s unlikely.” He’s working hard to develop his own power, and he won’t bother. " Marilyn is really smart. Talking to Qi Aoshuang at this time is already using us, not me.

“That’s why I said that the people of your Divine Realm are too pure.” The purity of this place was not a compliment to them. These people still didn’t understand politics. They only knew white and black. They didn’t know that white and black were gray. Everything has two sides.

“Have you encircled and exterminated the God of Darkness for a long time?” “But it’s never been able to get rid of him.” Qi Ao Shuang said a fact that shocked Marilyn.

“How did Miss Ao Shuang know?” Marilyn looked at the indifferent girl in front of her. This girl, her age was never more than eighteen. How could she know that their long-fought battle with the God of Darkness was unknown? The God of Darkness had told her? Impossible!

"There is darkness to set off the light. Darkness and light were inseparable. It is laughable that you always want to exterminate the darkness, but once you exterminate the darkness, will there still be light? There are two sides to everything, just as you have the back of your hand when you have the palm. “There are no eternal enemies, only eternal interests.” Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes slightly, and said coldly to Marilyn, “Since the Elders Guild is going to kill you and the people in this world will only recognize you as the Goddess of Light, then, you must take this Goddess of Light’s position.”

“You mean, you want me to establish another Radiant Temple?” Working with the God of Darkness? " Marilyn was indeed very smart and immediately understood what Qi Ao Shuang meant.

“That’s right.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded in praise, smiling as she said, “The crystal that absorbs the power of faith is with you, you are the real Goddess of Light.” “Why not relocate the Radiant Temple to another city?”

“Only darkness has light, darkness stands out for light …” Marilyn chewed on this sentence and finally understood what Qi Ao Shuang meant. Light and darkness coexist. As long as the two are at peace, they will exist forever.

“First, prestige.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the carriage, shook her head and said, “Such a magnificent carriage like yours, your goal is too big.” Now let’s set off and find the Dark God. "

Charlotte’s expression was anxious as she listened to their conversation. She kept wanting to interrupt them and say something, but Marilyn glared back at her. Finally, Charlotte quietly stayed by the side, not saying a word.

Looking at the carriage, Marilyn frowns and waves her hand, and the originally beautiful carriage becomes very ordinary. “Miss Ao Shuang, please get into the carriage. We will talk about this as we walk.”

Qi Ao Shuang nodded. She looked at Charlotte and the others and said in a low voice, “They’re very conspicuous even like this. It’s good as long as they can disguise themselves.”

When Charlotte and the others heard what Qi Ao Shuang said, they looked at each other and hid their wings without hesitation. The wings of the angels are their glory, the symbol of their power. Therefore, no angel would take his honor. As for Charlotte and the others, they had long forgotten their dignity for Marilyn.

The carriage slowly started up again. Now, the group of them were no longer conspicuous on the road. Charlotte drove the carriage, the other three quietly following behind.

In the carriage, Qi Ao Shuang was leaning against the carriage with her eyes closed. Looking at Qi Ao Shuang’s calm face, Marilyn wanted to say something, but she didn’t know what to say.

“Um, Miss Ao Shuang …” Marilyn finally spoke in a low voice.

“Huh?” Xiao Ao Shuang still didn’t open her eyes, inviting the Treasure Cat to nestle in her embrace and find a comfortable place to sleep.

“Can you tell me clearly, Miss Ao Shuang?” I’ve decided to go this way, and I won’t regret it. " Marilyn clenched her teeth and said firmly.

Only then did Qi Ao Shuang open her eyes, and a smile appeared on her bright and beautiful face. This Marilyn had finally made up her mind. Letting someone like her, who was thoroughly brainwashed by the light, accept cooperating with the dark at once was indeed not so easy. Earlier, when Qi Ao Shuang got on the carriage and ignored her, she felt her mental fluctuations. She was hesitating. Once he hesitated, the consequences would be unimaginable. It will end before it even begins.

Now, Marilyn’s mind was completely still. She seemed to have made up her mind to continue walking like this.

"Actually, it’s very simple. You are the true Goddess of Light. The God of Darkness is working with you, putting on a fake act to raise your prestige to the pinnacle, far surpassing the Council of Elders. After that, you lived in peace with the God of Darkness, at least in secret. “Occasionally, a fake battle is allowed.” Qi Ao Shuang’s smile was full of charm.

Marilyn swallowed a mouthful of saliva and looked at Qi Ao Shuang in a daze. Devil! What kind of human was this girl? She was a demon, a demon that tempted the soul to go to hell!

But Marilyn had to admit it. This method was extremely good. It was so good that it filled her with hope and filled her with hope.

“Alright!” Marilyn’s eyes suddenly lit up. She stared at Qi Ao Shuang with a brilliant look, and a maniacal and ferocious smile appeared on her beautiful face. She said in a low but spicy tone, “I want to become the true ruler of the Divine Realm. Those who want to step on me, I will stomp them beneath my feet in the end!” “I will never become the plaything of those disgusting old men. I will make them pay a hundred times, a thousand times!”

Xiao Ao Shuang paused for a moment, lowering her eyes, and said solemnly: “En, yes, you are the true ruler of the Divine Realm.” Crazy eyes and a ferocious smile. No matter who it was, once they were suppressed to the extreme, the power that erupted was truly shocking. This Marilyn had been forced into a dead end. Perhaps the madness she was showing now was her true nature?

The scales had only just started testing … On one side was the God of Darkness, Sistar.

On one side is the Goddess of Light, Angelica.

In this world, he must balance it in his own hands.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly closed her eyes and began to rest.

The carriage slowly moved forward. When it reached the void of space, it leaped into the air, passing through a spatial crack, and arrived at a different space.

In the Divine Realm, only the Heavenly Horses possessed by the Goddess of Light had this kind of ability.

The entire space was dark and damp.

This was the territory of the God of Darkness, the Black Wind Mountain Range. The palace of the Dark God was at the very back of this mountain range.

When Marilyn and her company appeared with a bright aura, they immediately caused a commotion.

All the weak and powerful creatures of darkness quickly fled from this place. Some ungrateful creatures of darkness tried to attack them, but the result was naturally that they were beheaded.

Not long after they entered this area, they heard rumbling sounds coming from afar.

“It’s the Knights of Darkness.” Marilyn said worriedly.

Oh? Xiao Ao Shuang raised his eyebrows, it seems that this fellow from the God of Darkness is not bad. Hearing this voice, there were quite a few Knights.

“Stop.” Qi Ao Shuang told Charlotte to stop the carriage. She lightly leaped down and stood in front of the carriage.

A group of dark knights arrived in front of Qi Ao Shuang. All the Dark Knights were wearing pitch-black and shiny armor, and the knight in the lead wore thin magic prints on his armor. Each knight was wearing a helmet, completely blocking their appearances.

The order of Knights halted, and the leader of the Knights pointed his spear straight at Qi Ao Shuang as he spoke.

With a gentle flick of his finger, the long spear in the knight’s hand disintegrated into dust.

For a moment, the surroundings were deathly silent.

"Go, tell the Dark God that Kreya is looking for him. “If you’re slow, I’ll let you know the consequences.” Qi Ao Shuang’s cold voice didn’t have a trace of warmth in it, but it was full of momentum. The Dark Knights were already shocked when Qi Aoshuang revealed her skill. Now that they heard the name Freya, they froze on the spot.

As soon as Xiao Ao Shuang said that, a deep voice sounded out from the void, the content of it was not serious at all, “Haha, I was wondering who this familiar aura is. So it’s my Ke Laiya.” I really miss you. "