Volume 1

Chapter 244

Stunning Edge - C244

Yes, the person who appeared was the young master.

The young lord soared into the air, a sphere of black light condensing in his hand. With a low shout, he launched an attack towards that gigantic spider beast.

In the blink of an eye, the black projectile hit the gigantic spider beast, turning it into ashes. The ground was still littered with potholes caused by the appearance of the Spider Beast, but there were no signs of the existence of the Spider Beast.

The young master turned around and landed steadily in front of Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the Young Lord cautiously. Although Qi Ao Shuang had never hated him, nor hated him for wanting to kill her, it did not mean that Qi Ao Shuang could relax in the face of such a dangerous person. Even if the young master had wanted to kill her, she couldn’t bear to hate him. All along, Qi Ao Shuang had liked the Young Chieftain’s personality. Furthermore, the Young Chieftain had helped her in the Infernal domain, as well as helped her master, Cliff, break through. Qi Ao Shuang clearly remembered all of this kindness.

Camil smiled at the young master before him, standing to the side in silence.

The young lord stared at Qi Ao Shuang, staring straight at her, not saying a word for a long time.

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything, only looking at the young master silently.

They stared at each other.

Xiao Ao Shuang didn’t even understand what the Young Lord was trying to do. If the young lord’s purpose was the same as last time, then he wanted to kill her, but now he didn’t have any killing intent on him.

On the contrary, Qi Ao Shuang saw a trace of embarrassment in the Young Lord’s eyes. The young master was embarrassed? How is that possible? Had he seen wrongly? Was it his imagination? Qi Ao Shuang thought helplessly.

“Hey!” Finally, the Young Lord spoke up, snorting towards Qi Ao Shuang.

“What?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked curiously.

“You!” “Did you see it just now?” The young master’s eyes flickered.

“What?” Xiao Ao Shuang was even more puzzled, why did the young master in front of her feel so strange?

“Didn’t you see that I saved you just now?” The young lord was so anxious that he almost jumped up and asked angrily.

“Huh?” “Oh, it seems so.” Qi Ao Shuang was confused, and nodded her head. Actually, she didn’t need the Young Lord to help her. She could deal with a low-level demon beast like this herself. What did the young master mean by saying this?

“What do you mean it seems to be!?” “I was the one who saved you in the first place!” The young lord got up and pointed at Qi Ao Shuang’s nose as he growled, “I saved you valiantly just now, otherwise you would have been attacked by that stupid demon beast. No, you would have been attacked by that ferocious demon beast and would not have been able to keep your life.”

Xiao Ao Shuang was completely confused, not knowing which way the young master sang …

Seeing that Xiao Ao Shuang did not say anything, the young lord became anxious. He asked anxiously, “Why aren’t you speaking?” I just saved you, didn’t I? ’

“Huh?” “Yes, I am.” Xiao Ao Shuang still didn’t understand what the Young Lord was trying to do, but after seeing how anxious he was, she nodded her head in agreement. Even if he didn’t need her to save him just now. However, the young lord had indeed taken action and killed that spider demon beast, so this was understandable.

Camil was squinting his eyes as he watched the farce in front of him. He was intrigued, but he remained silent.

“So, I saved you, you can’t hate me!” “Do you know?” The Young Lord’s gaze became more distant as he unnaturally turned his head to the side and said something that caused Xiao Ao Shuang to be stunned …

What? What do you mean? What did the young master mean by this?

“Do you hear me?” Don’t hate me. I am your savior, though I was a little hard on you that day. “But …” The young lord was embarrassed as he glanced left and right, not daring to meet Qi Ao Shuang’s surprised eyes.

Xiao Ao Shuang blinked her eyes. After being confused, she seemed to understand a little more.

Could it be that the young master was doing this for Feng Yixuan?

Thinking of this, the young master’s awkward behavior could be explained.

“Well, that’s it.” “Remember, don’t hate me!” The young lord gritted his teeth and angrily threw down these words before turning around and running off. His figure quickly disappeared into the forest.

He left behind Qi Aoshuang, who didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Xiao Ao Shuang looked at the messy ground, then looked at the direction the young master’s back had disappeared in, and a knowing smile appeared on her face. Young master was truly adorable. The Young Chieftain of the Devil world actually had such a cute personality.

“Let’s go, Little Ao Shuang!” Camil’s voice interrupted Qi Aoshuang’s thoughts.

Qi Ao Shuang turned around, looked at Camil and nodded gently. However, he was still thinking about the relationship between the young master and Feng Yixuan. Why did the young master care so much about Feng Yixuan’s attitude? The Young Lord’s actions today should be influenced by Feng Yixuan. In other words, Feng Yixuan hadn’t left that night. He hadn’t come out to meet him. Thinking of this, Qi Ao Shuang felt a sense of loss. Why was Feng Yixuan unwilling to acknowledge him? Why do you pretend to be cold even though you care so much about yourself?

The two were on their way again. Xiao Ao Shuang’s extraordinary memory had a clear memory of the map’s location, and she headed straight for her destination.

Woo

Phew

A strange sound came from the front, and it got louder as it went forward, the temperature getting higher and higher.

At the end of the dense forest, what appeared in front of Qi Ao Shuang and Camil was a strange scene …

Before his eyes, the lake water was abnormally vast, as if it had been burned. The bubbles started to bubble, and the drops of water released by the bubbles started to emit a scorching heat. “Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz!” On the surface of the lake, there were fiery red lotus petals of different sizes floating. To reach your destination you must cross this strange lake.

Within the lake, a few demi-humans were carefully walking on the fiery lotus leaves. But they all had one thing in common, and that was that they were all red, like steamed shrimp. Every demon clan member was drenched in sweat as they carefully stared at the Red Fire Lotus Leaf beneath their feet. Clearly, the temperature of the lake was quite high.

Qi Ao Shuang picked up a leaf from the ground and threw it into the lake. In the blink of an eye, the village leaf started to burn. It was a strange scene. In the water, the village leaf suddenly began to burn! This lake was very strange, and the lotus leaves floating above the lake were even stranger. What a high temperature!

It seemed that the first Demons had found a way to cross this weird lake. They had to step on those even weirder lotus petals and leave this place. As it was a no-fly zone, no one could pass through the air.

Qi Ao Shuang formed a barrier around her, taking the initiative to step on the closest fiery red lotus leaf.

However, something strange happened.

Just like that, the barrier around Qi Ao Shuang’s body disappeared, and the lake water around Qi Ao Shuang started to boil even more violently. A scorching heat swept towards Qi Ao Shuang.

Camil stood where he was without moving, with no intention of helping Qi Ao Shuang.

Xiao Ao Shuang was slightly shocked, and was about to resist this strange heat, but her hand stopped. Xiao Ao Shuang stood there silently without moving.

Qi Ao Shuang was also stunned, because this was not her doing, but an instinctive reaction.

A frenzied aura gushed out towards Qi Ao Shuang, gushing into her body. Qi Ao Shuang could not dodge, she thought she would turn into a cooked prawn. In the end, Qi Ao Shuang felt an indescribable sense of comfort.

Just like that, the fiery energy entered Qi Ao Shuang’s body, but it was completely absorbed by her. Xiao Ao Shuang widened her eyes in shock. She could clearly feel her magic continuously increasing, and her entire body seemed to be filled with power. That scorching aura hadn’t stopped yet, but it was still continuously flowing into her body.

Camil narrowed her eyes as she looked at Qi Ao Shuang. A faint layer of golden light slowly rose from her body, giving her a mysterious and beautiful appearance.

The heat of the entire wide lake was steadily drawing towards them.

Those monsters who were carefully walking on the lotus leaves on the lake gradually discovered the abnormality. The scorching heat beneath his feet was slowly reducing. The suffocating heat was almost gone. The fiery red lotus petals beneath his feet started to fade, turning from a fiery red color to a normal green color.

Qi Ao Shuang felt that the burning energy was getting more and more violent, faster than her body could absorb, and faster than her limit. However, this scorching force did not show any signs of stopping.

Slowly, Qi Ao Shuang felt like her body was about to explode. That scorching energy was getting more and more violent. It swam around her limbs and bones, as if it wanted to burn her body and consciousness to nothingness. Pain. Endless pain hit him like this.

At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang remembered what Sikong Lin said. It must be because of that small, fiery pill! Qi Ao Shuang cursed in her heart, this damn old man, he really did not have a normal mentality! The power of ascension is the power that devours the outside. However, who was going to tell her how to stop the heat that was still gushing into her body? Camille finally moved. Camil stepped forward and lightly tapped on Qi Ao Shuang’s forehead. The violent heat stopped abruptly. Qi Ao Shuang’s vision went black, and she fell limply to the ground, falling into a cold embrace.