Volume 1

Chapter 245

Stunning Edge - C245

Camil frowned slightly as he looked at the unconscious Qi Ao Shuang, who had fallen into his embrace.

On Qi Ao Shuang’s forehead, a small and exquisite golden lotus was faintly discernible.

Camil reached out his hand to touch the golden lotus on Qi Ao Shuang’s forehead, and a scorching pain made him quickly retract his hand. Camil spread out his hands, looking at the fingers he had just touched, which had already been scorched black.

Mutations …

Mutations …

Little Ao Shuang, perhaps, you can change my fate …?

Camil let out a soft sigh, held Qi Ao Shuang and lightly rose and fell on the lotus leaves before disappearing from the surface of the lake. Those demi-humans didn’t even have the chance to clearly see the appearance of the person next to them, much less attack him.

When Qi Aushuang woke up again, she felt an indescribable sense of comfort in her body. Endless power filled his entire body. He even had a feeling that he was omnipotent. When he opened his eyes, he saw a tranquil night sky. A purple moon was above his head, and he was used to the cool wind. A faint, rough smell floated beside his nose.

Qi Ao Shuang sat up abruptly and saw Camil with a bonfire by her side. Seeing that Xiao Ao Shuang had woken up, Camil smiled faintly and said, “You’re awake?” “How do you feel?”

“I’m fine.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded, sitting up straight and continuing, “To be precise, it is very good.” “I feel like my body is filled with energy.”

“Of course, almost all the heat in the entire lake has been absorbed by you, your body is about to explode.” Camille smiled.

“Then, you saved me.” Qi Ao Shuang said softly. She looked at Camil with a complicated expression. She was saved by Camil once again … Camille, why have you been following me?

“You could say that.” Camil smiles disapprovingly.

“You saved me again, how should I repay you?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the blazing bonfire and asked softly.

Camil was deep in thought when his eyes suddenly flashed with an indescribable glint. He seemed to want to say something, but he lightly smiled as he said, “Repay. Don’t tell me Little Ao Shuang wants to repay you with her body?”

Xiao Ao Shuang rolled her eyes, coldly snorted and said in a calm voice: “You only love yourself, do you still need me to repay you with my body?”

Camil laughs and says nothing. A trace of sadness flashed in his eyes, and disappeared in the blink of an eye. Only love himself? Hehe, from birth, I have already lost the qualifications to be a lover. That included loving himself. Love? What is it?

“What about you?” “Little Ao Shuang, Feng Yixuan and Leng Lingyun, who do you like?” Camil suddenly threw out a sentence that completely stunned Qi Ao Shuang.

“I …” Qi Ao Shuang’s heart trembled violently. She looked at Camil with a gentle gaze, but was unable to say anything. Feng Yixuan and Leng Lingyun … Xiao Ao Shuang had never thought about how to deal with this. When Feng Yixuan confessed to her, when Leng Lingyun confessed to her, she didn’t know how to deal with it. Now that Camille asked, she didn’t know how to answer.

"You don’t have an answer in your heart right now, because you don’t even know it yourself. But time might tell you the answer. " Camil gently rubbed Qi Ao Shuang’s head and comforted her, “Time can prove everything.” Don’t think too much about it now. "

“Camille.” How long have you lived? How long have you lived alone? " Looking at Camil’s expression, Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly asked in a daze.

Camil shook his head gently, his smile still the same as before. He said gently, “I … don’t remember.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Camil’s expression. She was right, Camil had an undetectable sadness in his eyes.

“I’m sorry…” Qi Ao Shuang lowered her head and said in a low voice.

“Why should I say I’m sorry?” Camil looked at the bonfire, added a few pieces of firewood, and asked with a smile.

“I don’t know. If you want to say it, just say it.” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a low voice.

“Let’s sleep. We’ll continue tomorrow.” Camille lay back, squinting into the night. His heart was empty.

“Thank you, Camille.” Xiao Ao Shuang said softly, “Thank you for staying with me all this time.”

Camil slowly closes her eyes, but in her heart, she laughs faintly. If you knew why I was always by your side, would you still thank me?

The next morning, Xiao Ao Shuang finally saw their position clearly. This was a boundless plain. At first glance, it was completely blue. No wonder there was a rough smell when I woke up at night. As they walked forward, they constantly encountered demons that were attacking each other. Clearly, many of the demi-humans had done their best during this Martial Competition.

Qi Ao Shuang was not worried about the White Emperor and Hei Yu at all. Back then, the two of them were Great Demonic King’s two Great Generals, and there was no one who could do anything to them. As for Feng Yixuan … Qi Ao Shuang fell into deep thought. What would Feng Yi Xuan’s current strength be like? To be able to sneak into the Monster race without being discovered, his current strength should be quite extraordinary. Moreover, with the abnormally strong Young Master here, Feng Yixuan would be fine. What worried Qi Ao Shuang the most was Leng Lingyun! That was because the cold earrings on Qi Aushuang’s earlobes reminded her that these were Leng Lingyun’s eyes, and also half of his strength. Leng Lingyun, who had lost half of her power, what would her strength be like now?

Just when Xiao Ao Shuang was a little distracted, Camil stopped in his tracks. He narrowed his eyes, beaming with smiles as he said softly, “Xiao Ao Shuang, we are surrounded.” “Facing a fight like this is very rough, I don’t have any sense of beauty, I’ll leave it to you.”

Xiao Ao Shuang came back to her senses, turned around and looked at Camil who had a carefree expression on his face, and laughed. He didn’t know why, but seeing how Camil was feeling right now, he actually felt a little relieved.

This was the Camille she knew, the Camille she knew.

She could see the sadness in Camil’s voice and eyes. Even though she did not know who Camil was or what he had experienced, Qi Ao Shuang had already treated Camil as a friend and family member. Naturally, she didn’t want to see him suffer.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly raised her hands, the palm of her left hand released a strong golden light.

The divine artifact was unsheathed!

Golden light shot in all directions, terrifying one’s heart and soul.

Camil stood behind Xiao Ao Shuang with his eyes half closed, leisurely waiting to see Xiao Ao Shuang’s performance.

The surrounding demons gradually surrounded them.

Looking at the surrounding demons, Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows.

It was an old acquaintance!

It was Lila’s brother, Hamms and his men.

With a cold expression, he crossed his arms in front of his chest and silently looked in their direction.

The group of demons surrounding Qi Ao Shuang and Camil were all of extraordinary strength. They stared at Qi Ao Shuang with covetous eyes.

“Where’s my sister?” Hamms said in a low voice.

Xiao Aushuang was silent, what was the point of saying so much now?

What could she say if she didn’t even have a skeleton?

"I’ll make you say it. “Let’s go!” After a cold sentence, Hamms stepped back.

The demons surrounding Qi Ao Shuang and Camil moved quickly.

Qi Ao Shuang only smiled faintly as she held her long sword and slashed down on the spot.

In an instant, the golden light was blinding, making people dizzy.

Just like that, a vicious, ring-shaped flame attacked the group of demons in front of them.

Without a scream, the demons were cut in half. Their eyes were still blank, and their bodies fell to the ground in two halves. Soon after, the raging flames engulfed their bodies, instantly burning them to ashes.

This scene caused the other demons to turn pale with fright, and the expression on Hamms’ face also changed greatly.

He did not know when this human had transformed into a demon. Furthermore, he had the strength to do so.

“All of you, leave.” Hamms waved for the other demons to leave. He knew that no amount of demons would make a difference if this continued. It would only cause him to lose more subordinates, which would not benefit him in any way.

Hamms slowly walked forward. With a light wave of his hand, a snow-white longsword appeared out of nowhere in his hand. The sword was suffused with a faint white light, exuding a rich magical element.

A good sword!

At this moment, Hamms immediately made his decision. He waved his hand and shouted in a low voice, “Retreat!”

Before many of the demi-humans could recover their wits, Hamms had already taken the initiative to leave. Only then did the demons realize what had happened, and they hurriedly followed behind him. Despite his confusion, he obeyed Hamms’ order and immediately retreated.

Wei Ao Shuang didn’t chase after him. He just stood there, watching the sword greedily devouring Hamms’ sword.

At this moment, Holmes finally understood why Wan Feng would be so courteous to this human, and gave her the rose badge. He also understood why the White Emperor and Black Feather would offend him for her.

This human was definitely not simple! Her strength was actually on par with his, no! Her strength was actually above his! Now that she had demonized herself, why had she come to this Martial Competition?

Becoming a Diremonster King? Impossible! Was there such a weird thing? A human who, after demonizing, participated in the Martial Competition and eventually became a Great Demonic King?

A human becoming a Great Demon King and ruling over the Demon World?!

Is that possible?

Let alone the disagreement of all the demi-humans in the Demon Sector, perhaps the four supreme experts of the Demon Sector would never agree to such a decision?

However, with the power of the four Martial Saints, they must have discovered the identity of the young girl. Why would they allow her to participate in the competition?

Why all this?

Hamms suddenly couldn’t make heads or tails of it.

The treasured sword in Qi Ao Shuang’s hand devoured the evil demonic spirit without restraint, and finally fused together. Xiao Ao Shuang strangely brandished the sword in her hand, but did not discover the increase in the power of the sword. She could not help but flick the blade of the sword with her finger, muttering to herself: “Strange, I don’t feel anything.”

“No feeling?” Camil stepped forward to look at the sword in Qi Ao Shuang’s hand, looked at it with rapt attention, then suddenly smiled and said, “Next time, try to find a demon clan sword.”

“Huh?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the sword in her hand, still unable to see the difference.

“That sword just now, it’s called the Sword of the Demons. It’s Hamms’s weapon.” “This treasured sword can directly absorb the power of the demon’s life core.” Camille explained with a smile.

“Ah, that Hamms used such a sinister weapon?” Qi Ao Shuang said in shock. Once the life core lost its power, this demon clan member would be basically crippled.

Camille smiled gracefully and said softly, “Actually, I think Hamms is quite pure compared to you!”

“You!” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Camil angrily.

Camille smiles like a peach blossom and walks in front. Qi Ao Shuang put away the sword in her hand and followed.

The two of them walked together, and after passing through the rough terrain, they entered a mountain range. All the monsters he met along the way were easily dealt with by Qi Ao Shuang. She didn’t even need to draw her treasured sword and used magic to easily deal with them. He didn’t run into any experts like White Emperor Black Feather, nor did he see the figures of Feng Yixuan and Leng Lingyun.

After a night of rest, they passed through the mountain range unimpeded.

He was close to the position indicated on the map before the start of the match.

However, when they saw the scene in front of them, they were stunned.

For what lay before them was a great maze of gardens. All sorts of plants were planted, and the huge trees were green and glistening. The winding passages were all so blurry.

“Maze?” The big ears on Qi Ao Shuang’s head quivered slightly, and Camil almost wanted to pinch them again. Due to Xiao Ao Shuang’s fierce glare, he finally stopped.

“Looks like it. Let’s go.” Camil looked at the vast and complicated maze and said blandly, “This maze is not difficult to describe. We only need to make a mark at the intersection when we enter it. If there is a dead end ahead, we can return, or we can identify a wall and walk on it …”

Camille doesn’t say anything, just boom.

Qi Ao Shuang unleashed a golden flame towards the huge tree in front of her.

The tree fell and was then burned to ashes by Qi Ao Shuang.

The space in front became empty.

“What you said is so troublesome, isn’t it good to burn a path out?” Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows as she looked at the huge maze in front of her.

Camil watched Qi Ao Shuang’s brutal actions silently, just like that.

For the first time, Camille felt powerless.

“Look, it’s much faster now. Just go straight ahead.” Xiao Ao Shuang laughed and continued to release the fire to open up a path in front.

Camil followed silently behind, and for the first time he felt that his intelligence was not as good as Qi Ao Shuang’s.

Just like that, Qi Ao Shuang advanced with her hands on her legs. Her speed was also fast, and the most important thing was that she would not get lost.

In this gigantic maze, there were countless monsters whose minds were completely fixed on this. The majority of the demons were obediently walking through the maze, seriously marking it and trying their best to get it back and forth.

Phew

With a loud sound, the golden flame burned another green tree.

A scream passed into the ears of Xiao Ao Shuang and Camil. There was someone behind the green tree. Oh, no, there was a demon!

After the green tree was burnt to ashes, what was imprinted in front of Qi Aoshuang and Camil was a cute little loli who looked no older than 7 or 8 years old. She had big watery eyes, a delicate and pretty face, fair skin, golden curly hair, and a snow-white princess dress.

What a cute little loli!

“Sister, brother, you guys … are you guys going to pass through this maze?!” The little loli’s voice was as sweet as the sounds of nature itself. She timidly asked. She even looked at them innocently with her big watery eyes. There was a trace of fear in her eyes.

“En!” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the cute little loli in front of her and nodded. This child is so lovely, so lovely. There was even an urge to pick her up and kiss her.

“Then, then can Big Sis bring me along?” “Little loli, are you alright?”

Qi Ao Shuang nodded, smiling faintly as she said: “Sure.”

“Th-this big brother is so scary …” The little loli looked at Camil, and a trace of fear flashed in her eyes. She slowly moved towards the side of Qi Aushuang, as if seeking protection.

Xiao Ao Shuang smiled as she reached out to touch the little loli’s head, “Don’t worry, this big brother is not scary.”

“No, he’s so scary …” I don’t want to go with him. " The little loli kept shrinking beside Qi Ao Shuang. Then she kept her big, pretty eyes fixed on Pride Frost’s, as if pleading.

Camille never spoke, a gentle, graceful smile still on his handsome face.

“What do you think I should do?” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes suddenly became a little blurry.

“I … I want you to kill him, so you can only lead me out of this maze.” The pretty little loli’s voice was still as sweet as ever, but the words she said were abnormally terrifying. Her big watery eyes and Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes stared straight ahead, and her heavenly sweet voice continued to lower her voice. “Big sister, I think you are very willing to do this, right?”

“Yeah.” “Qi Ao Shuang looked as if she was possessed by a devil.” Qi Ao Shuang revealed a faint smile on her face. She took out the unique looking treasured sword from her left hand. When the little loli saw the sword thrown out by Qi Ao Shuang, her eyes were filled with shock, then with ecstasy.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly drew her sword, her eyes no longer focused.

“Yes, big sister, kill this person and then bring me along to the road!” The little loli’s sweet voice had an indescribable enticement, making people unable to bear to reject her request. Her innocent mind made one’s heart ache even more.

The little loli looked at the sword held high in Qi Ao Shuang’s hand, feeling extremely happy. He really didn’t expect that his harvest today would be this many fish. This woman’s strength was really not bad. However, he was still bewitched by his own charm, and obediently obeyed his orders. Just rely on this woman’s power to get out of this damn maze and order her to commit suicide. But perhaps she should be left to protect herself until the end of the game.

Camil narrowed his eyes slightly as he looked at the triumphant smile in the little loli’s eyes and silently smiled.

What are you laughing at? He was still laughing even when he was about to die! Just as the little loli was about to ask, she felt a piercing pain in her chest.

The little loli stared with her eyes wide open as she stared at the treasured sword in Cha’s chest. She was stunned.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes didn’t seem to be blurry at all. Instead, she coldly smiled at the little loli’s shocked face. As for Qi Ao Shuang, her eyes were filled with a mischievous glint.

“You …” The little loli widened her eyes as she looked at the ice-cold looking Qi Ao Shuang in front of her in disbelief. How could this be? This girl actually didn’t fall for his charm spell. She really wanted to ask how this cold-faced woman had gotten rid of her charm, but she could no longer finish her words. She straightened her back and her body slowly turned into ashes.

What was left on the tip of the sword was a glowing Nucleus of Life.

“What is this?” Qi Ao Shuang picked up the Life Core from the tip of her sword and asked curiously.

“It’s the core of this fox demon’s life.” The Evil Demon Sword from before will completely absorb it, but after being merged with your treasured sword, your treasured sword will be very picky and won’t eat this kind of thing. " Camil said indifferently.

“Oh.” Looking at the Nucleus of Life in his hands, Qi Ao Shuang did not mind at all and was about to put it away.

Who would have thought that something shocking would happen at this time?