Volume 1

Chapter 252

C252

Stunning Edge - C252

After the two of them left, Leng Lingyun appeared.

“Master…” The figure of the gray-robed man beside Leng Lingyun also appeared.

Leng Lingyun remained silent.

“Master, she will definitely make you suffer a calamity …” The man in gray looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s back and spoke in a low voice, his tone filled with worry. This young girl, she was not such a simple person …!

“Even so, I am willing to …” Leng Lingyun’s low voice was firm and unshakable. After speaking, he slowly walked forward.

The man in gray stood rooted to the spot, thousands of words transforming into a long sigh as he followed behind.

After chatting with Charlotte, Qi Ao Shuang went to the backyard in a very good mood. Within the room that was laid down by the spirit formation, a few gods were simply spitting out saliva without any posture.

“Battle, you old bastard, you’ve killed my cards.” The angry voice was Austin the Elf.

“I’ll piss you to death. I don’t want ten thousand words, so of course I’ll throw them away.” The Dragon God Bart’s saliva almost sprayed onto the Elf God’s face. “You bastard, you even touched my barrel to death, and you still have the face to shout?”

“Bang!” Sistar beamed and prepared to raise his hand.

“Hu! I’ll be leaving first. You guys continue.” Camille smiled gently and took the card.

West Starr coughed up blood and was on the verge of roaring towards the sky.

Xiao Ao Shuang stood at the door and let out a smile as she watched the people who were busy fighting.

In fact, Marilyn’s promise now seems to be nothing more than a trick of the child. After this ambitious woman has tasted the taste of power, she will definitely gather her strength and start a Holy War after completely subverting the Elders Guild. Her eyes were burning, concealing her lack of understanding.

An end to jihad does not necessarily end with Marilyn in power alone. There is a way to end it once and for all.

If Marilyn were in power, she would promise to stop the Holy War. But after he left, a thousand years later, two thousand years later? She will cover the sky with one hand, and everything will be up to her. Who could stop the Holy War?

However, there was still a way to keep the Radiant Templeand the Presbyterian’s Light Presbyterian Chamber fighting on forever. There was no peace, no peace. How could a God Realm still have the energy to start a Holy War?

The old guys from the Elders Guild were probably hopping in anger. Originally, he thought that Marilyn was just a small fry to send people to capture her and bring her back, but now, Marilyn’s influence was growing at its peak.

Even so, the Elders Guild’s strength over the years was still there. If the other side had gathered a large amount of troops, Marilyn’s current strength would not be a match for them.

Marilyn had to settle down first, then take the blow. Keep them in balance.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes landed on the beaming West Starr. A faint smile appeared on her face.

He no longer needed this scale.

Now, what is needed is a triangle.

Marilyn, Presbyterian, God of Darkness.

If the balance was not careful, it would lose its balance. A triangle was the most stable shape.

“Achoo!” West Starr sneezed violently, causing everyone on the table to glare at each other.

Sistar rubbed his nose in confusion. How could he sneeze in such fine weather?

Camil lifted his head to look at Xiao Aohan who was standing by the door, revealing a gentle smile. He stood up and said to everyone, “Fight first.”

“That won’t do. How can I do without one?”

“Three is one, you can’t leave.”

“Who will we fight if you leave?”

The three gods shouted without any image.

“I’ll go get the young master.” Camil smiles faintly.

“Alright, we’ll call someone over anyway.” When the three gamblers heard this, they decided to let Camille go.

Camil walked to the door and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang, saying softly, “What, are you worried about?”

Qi Ao Shuang shook her head, “No.” When the situation with Marilyn and the Council of Elders stabilizes, then there will be no problems on the God’s side. "

Camil looked at Qi Ao Shuang who frowned slightly as if he was thinking of something. He then continued, “You are worried that the Divine Realm’s problem has been solved, but the Devil Realm’s problem is not easy to deal with, right?”

“Yes.” “I don’t know why Feng Yixuan didn’t recognize me.” Qi Ao Shuang’s frown deepened as she said in a low voice, “But I still feel that it has something to do with me.”

“He’ll tell you when it’s time to tell you. Come on, I’ll make you a cup of rose tea to wake you up.” Camil reaches out his hand to rub Qi Ao Shuang’s head affectionately.

“Thank you.” Qi Ao Shuang revealed a smile. Camille’s hands were warm now. Camille’s smile was warm. Unconsciously, he had already treated Camil by his side as a habit. It was as warm as a family member. But what Camil had said, Feng Yixuan would tell him when the time came. She understood this logic as well.

However, he was afraid that it would be too late by then.

A sense of unease rose in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart.

“Meow?” When the Maneki-Neko heard that there was flowery tea, it naturally thought of dessert.

“Don’t worry, you have something to eat.” Camille squeezes his big ears and laughs.

When he found the young master, he heard that he was playing mahjong and immediately ran towards him. She had been wanting to play with that strange, funny thing for a long time.

In the quiet living room, Qi Ao Shuang was drinking Camil’s scented tea, making the Treasure Cat eat delicious pastries contentedly.

“Ao Shuang, what do you plan to do next?” Camille sat down and asked softly.

“First help Marilyn stand on her feet, and then…” After that, it was time to go to the demon realm. Feng Yixuan …

“After the God Realm is settled, it will be the Devil Realm, right?” Camil took a sip of tea and said slowly, “The Celestial Realm has been dealt with. Coincidentally, they are having an internal conflict.” But the Devil was different. The demons were a blood-thirsty race. Brutal, powerful. As kings, it’s not easy for them to give up on the Holy War. " Camil leisurely helped to analyze the situation.

“I know…” Qi Ao Shuang put down her teacup and sighed. However, if Feng Yixuan and the Young Lord were doing their best to end the Holy War, then what about the Devil King? Even if they wanted to terminate it, if the Infernal King was unwilling, everything would be for naught.

While Xiao Ao Shuang was thinking with a frown on her face, there was a knock on the door.

“Miss Ao Shuang, Her Highness the Goddess has invited you over to discuss some important matters.” The maid at the door said respectfully. Even their goddess was extremely courteous to this mysterious black-haired girl. Of course, there was no need to mention them.

Qi Ao Shuang and Camil looked at each other, and Qi Ao Shuang revealed a mocking smile. It seemed that the Elders Guild’s movements were faster than expected.

“Got it. I’ll be there right away.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded slightly, indicating for her maid to leave first.

“It seems that a war is about to break out in the Divine Realm.” Camille smiled gracefully and gently. There was a hint of schadenfreude in his smile.

“Well, the Council of Elders can’t wait any longer.” Xiao Ao Shuang stood up, a mocking smile on her face, “Let’s go take a look.” What will Marilyn do this time? "

Camille stands up, nods cheerfully, and walks with Qi Ao Shuang to Marilyn’s study.

Upon entering the study, Qi Ao Shuang saw that both Feng Yi Xuan and Leng Lingyun were there. And since the Young Lord wasn’t here, he should still be fighting a few Divine Generals.

Upon entering, Leng Lingyun smiled and nodded at Qi Aushuang. Xiao Ao Shuang replied with a smile. His eyes shifted to Feng Yi Xuan, but he lowered his head and didn’t look at her. After Xiao Ao Shuang cast her gaze towards Marilyn, she felt that familiar fiery gaze on her again.

Why? Qi Ao Shuang wanted to grab onto Feng Yi Xuan and ask. Why are you always like this? What was the unspeakable difficulty? Why don’t you come out and solve it together?

“Miss Ao Shuang, this time, please help me out with your friends.” Marilyn looked terrified, pleading anxiously and sincerely.

However, there was no trace of fear and worry in her eyes, only indifference and pride.

Oh, Marilyn, you simple woman. Can’t you get a little deeper?

“What has happened to make our noble and graceful goddess so flustered?” Qi Ao Shuang sat down in anger, but there was a trace of mockery in her voice.

A flash of pain flashed in Charlotte’s eyes as she stood beside the desk. In the blink of an eye, it happened so quickly that it was almost unnoticeable.

“Miss Ao Shuang, the Elders Guild has gathered a large amount of troops. They want to officially declare a war on me!” They no longer care about face. " Marilyn was still a little panicked as she said, “God Realm, God Realm is about to start a war.” I don’t want to see that happen. But if I don’t fight, I’ll be executed by the Presbyterians. The promises I have made are simply impossible to make. The Holy War was still on schedule. “Therefore, please ask Miss Ao Shuang and your friend to help me win this war.”

Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows. Oh, Marilyn has made progress. You know how to threaten yourself in this way. Qi Ao Shuang didn’t immediately respond to Marilyn’s words. Instead, she slightly raised her eyebrows at Charlotte, who was standing behind Marilyn.

Charlotte’s expression immediately turned extremely unsightly. Her handsome face paled, devoid of the slightest trace of blood. Then he closed his eyes and lowered his head in pain. He knew, knew in his heart, that the Marilyn standing before him was no longer the pure and flawless maiden she had been before. She was now a goddess of light! A woman who craved power!

“Of course, we will help you.” After all … Qi Ao Shuang looked at Marilyn and said slowly, “After all, our goal is the same. It is to end the Holy War, right?” “Your Highness the Goddess of Light.”

“Yes, Miss Ao Shuang. It’s great that you understand this.” Marilyn hurriedly nodded her head, her face showing an expression of joy.

Of course I understand, Miss Marilyn.

There will be a surprise waiting for you, won’t there? Charlotte.

Out of the corner of her eye, Qi Ao Shuang glanced at Charlotte, who was looking at her, and smiled faintly.

“By the way, your highness the Goddess, the two people I asked you to find for me, have they found their whereabouts?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked lightly. He had asked Marilyn to look for White Emperor and Black Feather. After such a long time, the two of them should have found their whereabouts.

“Oh, yes.” “Yes.” Marilyn nods. “I was about to tell you about it.” They found them two days ago. They’re coming this way now. "

“Thank you, Lady Goddess, for your help. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know how to find them.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she thanked him. Letting the Goddess of Light step forward to look for others was indeed a good thing. The first one could be searched in broad daylight, unlike the God of Darkness, West Starr, who was definitely not that convenient. Second, natural efficiency. In the Divine Realm, if the Goddess of Light issued an order looking for someone, wouldn’t the subjects give them absolute cooperation?

“It’s nothing.” Marilyn smiled gracefully.

“At that time, it will be much easier to fight against the Elders Guild. With their help, it will be much easier.” Qi Ao Shuang said lightly.

“Oh, really?” That’s wonderful. Thank you very much, Miss Oshuang. So you came to them to help me? " Marilyn nodded gratefully. However, there was a trace of pride and a sneer in his eyes. This human girl was really useful. He was actually trying so hard to help Ye Xiao.

That’s right, Marilyn, an even bigger surprise awaits you.

“Don’t worry, Lady Goddess, my friends and I will help you.” After Xiao Aushuang said this, Marilyn was still a little worried.

“But Miss Ao Shuang, the strength of the Elders Guild cannot be underestimated.” “Not to mention their Million Angel Army, the members of the Council of Elders are all powerful experts.” Marilyn frowned and said worriedly.

“It doesn’t matter. Don’t we still have the Dragon God and the others?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Marilyn with a smile that was not a smile. Since this woman wanted him to say such a thing, she would satisfy her. In any case, they were just exchanging a few pleasantries, and there was no way they would lose a piece of flesh.

Sure enough, after Qi Ao Shuang said this, Marilyn seemed to relax, but her eyes flashed with a faint light.

“Then I’m relieved.” “Thank you very much, Miss Ao Shuang.” Marilyn thanked him excitedly.

Xiao Ao Shuang just smiled and did not reply.

In the evening, the White Emperor and Black Feather arrived at the Holy Hall to meet Qi Ao Shuang.

“Thank you for your hard work, please sit down and have a cup of tea.” Camille beamed and poured them both a cup of tea.

“The situation is that a war is about to break out between the Goddess of Light and the Radiant Temple. What we need to do is to balance these two forces, as well as the dark forces of the God of Darkness.” “The three forces will balance each other and fight on forever, and the mission will be completed.” After shooting out his barrier, Qi Ao Shuang quickly relayed the situation to the two of them.

“It’s that simple?” Hei Yu sat down and drank the tea Camil offered him in one gulp without forgetting to thank Camil.

“Thank you.” The White Emperor, on the other hand, sat down with a calm expression and accepted Camil’s tea. He thanked her first before taking a sip.

“Yes, it’s that simple.” Originally, he wanted to get rid of the Elders Guild so that the current Goddess of Light, Marilyn, could establish a new Radiant Temple, but this woman’s ambition was inflated, and even if she were in power, she would still start another war. “How about we continue to weaken the power of the Divine Realm and no longer have the power to start a Holy War?” Xiao Ao Shuang explained in a deep voice, “And there is the God of Darkness as well. These three forces are very powerful, and with the situation stable, there will be no more worries.”

“But I’m afraid it won’t be so easy for the Devil world.” The White Emperor calmly revealed the crux of the matter.

“Yes, I know.” “But first we have to deal with this side.” Qi Ao Shuang sighed in her heart.

“Then what are we going to do?” “In the war between the Presbyterians and this Marilyn?” Hei Yu wasn’t stupid and immediately asked this question.

“Help Marilyn win the war, but let the Presbyterians go and retain their basic strength to fight Marilyn.” Qi Ao Shuang said in a deep voice, “One sentence, it is flat.”

“Yes, I understand.” Hei Yu didn’t waste any more time talking and nodded.

“However, the members of the Elders Guild shouldn’t be so simple.” Qi Ao Shuang thought for a while and said slowly. The Elders Guild had always been the supreme ruler of the Divine Realm, so how could they not be insignificant individuals without any strength?

“Hmph!” So what! “Watch me strangle them!” Suddenly, a voice filled with disdain interrupted his words.

“Young master …” Qi Ao Shuang looked up and saw the young master standing at the door. Just like that, the young master silently entered the barrier she laid down. And the person standing behind her was Feng Yixuan. Beside Feng Yixuan was Leng Lingyun.

“Everyone’s here.” Camil smiled and said, “Come in and have a seat.” “Just in time for a discussion.”

“What sort of discussion is this? Isn’t it to beat them until their faces are blooming, but to keep a breath of air that they can struggle against?” The young lord’s mouth twitched.

“Ladya!” Feng Yixuan’s voice carried a faint trace of anger. With just a low grunt, he managed to shut the Young Chieftain up.

“Got it. Just do whatever you say.” The young lord said softly.

“When will your temper change?” One day you will learn a lesson. " Feng Yixuan said with a deep voice, suppressing the anger in his heart.

“I know!” The young lord’s voice became softer and softer as he glanced at Camil, “I’m sorry, I was lacking in manners earlier.”

Camille’s smile was still gentle, and he nodded slightly to show that he didn’t mind.

Qi Ao Shuang said with a complicated look on her face. Young master had probably never met an opponent before, which was why he was so unrestrained. She was proud, she was arrogant. However, as Feng Yixuan had said, with Young Master’s personality, if he encountered a setback one day, she would be able to learn a profound lesson from him. He didn’t know if he was going to collapse or if he was going to fight back.

“We will cooperate with you.” Feng Yixuan said in a low voice before turning around to leave.

Qi Ao Shuang opened her lips slightly, wanting to stop Feng Yi Xuan. The Young Lord glared at Qi Ao Shuang, using his body to block her gaze. Then, he turned around and left angrily.

“Ao Shuang …” Leng Lingyun’s expression was complicated, how could he not see the worry and hesitation in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes? She wanted to chase after him, but she couldn’t.

Qi Ao Shuang finally let out a soft sigh and said slowly: “Let’s just leave it at that.” Anyway, the Elders Guild’s foundation should not be damaged. “Everyone, be careful on the battlefield.” After Xiao Ao Shuang said this, she stood up and quietly left with a tired face.

Leng Lingyun stared at the back of Qi Ao Shuang, but didn’t say a word.

War, break out.

When the 1 million Angel Army assembled by the Council of Elders pulled out of the central city and declared war on Marilyn’s Divine Radiant Force, the entire God Realm was in an uproar.

What is this? Everyone was confused. In the past, the Radiant Temple fought in the current Radiant Temple?

Marilyn wasn’t stupid. She was prepared. After all, she was the real Radiant Goddess, so she quickly gathered eight hundred thousand of the Angel Army. Although her strength couldn’t be compared to the army gathered by the Elders Guild, their numbers were almost the same. It was not easy to gather so many troops in such a short period of time. He could tell that this Marilyn was very skillful.

It was obvious that the Elders Guild had decided to eradicate Marilyn completely this time around. All of the members of the Elders Guild had mobilized, including the next Goddess of Light, Flora. As for the Twelve-Winged Angels, they were all moving at full force, and their formation was absolutely astonishing.

On the other side, Marilyn will go to the battlefield herself to boost the morale of the soldiers.

This day had finally arrived.

The battlefield unfolded in a plain.

White wings filled the sky, flapping their wings incessantly.

The trumpets sounded, and the Archangel Warriors on both sides fought for their honor.

Xiao Ao Shuang and the rest of the group stared coldly at the battle on the stage. In truth, to be more selfish, it was to hope that the more desperate the fight, the better. This was because this would greatly reduce the strength of the Divine Realm and prevent them from starting a Holy War.

Blood rained down from the sky, and white feathers fluttered in the sky. More and more white feathers were dyed red. Angel shrieked as they fell, and some of their limbs even fell off.

Is this war?

Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she looked at the scene in front of her.

If this was the case with the God Realm starting a war, then what about the Three Realms’ Holy War?

It would only be a hundred times more brutal than the war in front of them, a thousand times more brutal, right?

Qi Ao Shuang slowly closed her eyes before opening them again. The sky seemed to have been dyed red, and the ground was truly dyed red.

The pungent smell of blood made people frown.

Xiao Ao Shuang raised her head and looked into the distance. She was attracted by a few bright white lights.

Over there, there were countless Angels who rushed forward and were then chopped into two halves before falling down.

It was not the Ten Winged Angels that flew there, nor was it the Twelve Winged Angels.

It was an angel with sixteen wings!

One, two, three…

There were a total of nine sixteen-winged Angels.

Is he a member of the Elders Guild?

Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes, a pair of bright fiery wings unfurling on her back as she flew up into the sky, facing the Sixteen Winged Angels.

Feng Yixuan, Leng Lingyun, and the others followed closely behind Qi Ao Shuang.

Camil stood still, watching the battle with a calm expression on his face.

Xiao Ao Shuang’s eyes revealed sixteen pairs of conspicuous pairs of white wings. They were getting closer and closer …