Volume 1

Chapter 249

Stunning Edge - C249

Faced with such a casual greeting, Qi Ao Shuang did not get angry. Instead, she laughed and teased, “Sistar, is this how you welcome me?” Sending so many Knights to welcome him like this? “Also, my name is Qi Ao Shuang, I seem to have told you clearly, right?” There was a hint of danger in his voice.

“Hur hur, I was lacking in manners.” Sistar’s voice was getting closer and closer, and the dark knights surrounding him all retreated to the sides, making way.

A young man dressed in black slowly walked over from the middle of the road.

Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes as she looked at the man who was slowly walking over. This was the God of Darkness, Sistar?

His incomparably handsome face, his gem-like beautiful red eyes, his black hair hanging smoothly down, his deep eyes were cold, like a whirlpool that seemed to be able to suck people in. A cold aura surrounded him. He was so handsome that others could only sigh, unable to take their eyes off him. The black clothes were embroidered with golden, ancient patterns, appearing noble and mysterious.

He slowly walked towards Qi Ao Shuang step by step, a devilish smile on his handsome face. Just like that, the noble figure walked in the middle, appearing extremely outstanding and eye-catching against the dark knights on both sides.

“Little Shuang Shuang, long time no see. Come hug ~ ~ ~” Sistar walked in front of Qi Ao Shuang and made an action that would cause people to be taken aback. He reached out his hand to hug Qi Ao Shuang.

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and subconsciously raised her foot to kick West Starr’s face. However, there was someone who moved faster than her! A white blur flashed past.

Meow! The Maneki-Neko let out a furious bellow as it flew forward and viciously grabbed the incomparably handsome face of Wistar with lightning speed.

After doing all of this, the Maneki-Neko quickly retreated back and laid back on Qi Ao Shuang’s back. Then, it stuck out half of its head from Xiao Ao Shuang’s shoulder and stared at Wistar with its beautiful amber eyes.

It was so quiet that everyone could hear their own heartbeats.

Xiao Ao Shuang looked at the frozen Xistar quietly.

Marilyn and the four angels behind her were also staring at this.

The cunning and vicious God of Darkness, Sistar, had his face scratched by a kitten in public!

by a kitten.

A kitten.

Infinite Echo…

Tick tock…

Blood oozed out of the wounds on Sistar’s face and dripped onto the ground, breaking the deathly silence with a soft sound.

“Um, ahem, ahem ~ ~ ~” Xiao Aushuang faked a cough, breaking the awkward silence. No matter what, with such a noble identity as West Starr, under such circumstances, being scratched in the face by his own Ah’Bao in front of so many of his subordinates was truly shameful. Why did he have to give him some face? Now.

Sistar’s handsome face was twitching slightly. Although the wound was healing quickly, what had just happened was still real. Everyone present was able to see it clearly.

“That …” Sistar, well, my Abel didn’t mean it. “Considering your status and position, you wouldn’t care about it, right?” Qi Ao Shuang smiled embarrassedly and shamelessly said those words.

“I don’t mind.” Sistar’s handsome face was still twitching as he forced these words out from between his teeth.

“Oh, that’s good. I came to find you because I have something to discuss with you.” Before Xiao Ao Shuang could even catch her breath, West Starr had already gone berserk.

“I don’t mind. Who says I don’t mind? This darn smelly cat actually dared to scratch my face!” I’m going to evaporate her! I want to burn her! " West Starr jumped up and down, trying to catch the Maneki-Neko on Qi Ao Shuang’s back. At this time, he no longer had the same unfathomable and unfathomable image from before, and he no longer had the same elegance and nobility.

“Alright!” Sistar, I really have something for you this time. “Can’t you see that the Goddess of Light is here as well?” Xiao Ao Shuang felt a headache coming on. He hadn’t thought that this West Starr would be so petty and vindictive. He didn’t want any of his image anymore, he actually acted this way in front of his subordinates. However, when they saw the calm expressions on the Dark Knights, it seemed that they were used to it.

“Huh?” Only then did Sistar come back to his senses and stop his movements. He looked at Meryl and the few Angels behind her and frowned. He then sneered, “What, the great Goddess of Light is actually so shabby?” “Why are you here?”

Marilyn’s face instantly paled, and Charlotte and the others behind her turned red with rage. They all drew their swords one after another, pointing them at Wistar.

The group of Dark Knights behind Sistar let out a low shout and pointed their weapons at Marilyn and the others in an orderly fashion. The black war horses they were riding on all breathed out a heavy breath.

For a moment, the situation was on the verge of breaking out.

Marilyn’s nervous palms were already wet with sweat. If the God of Darkness were to explode here, then everything would be in vain.

“All right, Wistar.” I’m not here to talk to you about old times. " Qi Ao Shuang’s face slightly darkened, and she gently waved her hand. With her as the center, a scorching aura spread out.

In that instant, everyone present felt a pressure that made it hard to breathe. His body seemed to be on the verge of burning.

“Little Shuang Shuang, but I want to reminisce with you.” Okay, let’s go in and talk. There’s your favorite rose tea. " Waving his hand with a beaming smile, Sistar signaled the Dark Knights behind him to put away their weapons.

Qi Ao Shuang also retracted her burning hot aura.

Marilyn squeezed her hand, feeling the wetness of it, and breathed a long sigh of relief. The current her had a pitifully small amount of light energy. Charlotte and the others also retracted their weapons.

“Let’s go, Little Shuang Shuang. I’ve been waiting for you.” West Starr inexplicably said those words before walking in front. He turned around and smiled at Qi Ao Shuang, saying, “Come quickly.”

The way he smiled was truly mesmerizing. This Xistar was truly an extremely handsome man. No one could resist his charm. It was a pity that Xiao Ao Shuang did not appreciate his kindness, and did not even spare him a glance as she casually followed him.

Marilyn and the four angels hurried after him. Marilyn did not dare to be too far from her. Here, only by staying by Qi Ao Shuang’s side would she feel safe.

Following West Starr, they headed towards this area. Along the way, Qi Ao Shuang saw many things that were black in color. Both the plants and animals were filled with a black aura. The Dark Knights slowed down their pace and followed behind. The orderly sound of their horses’ hooves sounded very imposing.

At the end of the hall, a majestic palace appeared before them. The magnificent palace left everyone tongue-tied. Qi Ao Shuang sighed in her heart at how this fellow, Xistar, was enjoying himself.

Along the way, Wistar and Qi Ao Shuang were chatting and laughing, paying no attention to Marilyn and the others behind them, as if they did not exist.

Entering the palace, the maid was dressed in black, which was very different from what Qi Ao Shuang expected. These female attendants weren’t dressed so richly as she had imagined. Rather, they were all completely wrapped up, and they were all extremely respectful towards West Starr.

Sistar led the group through the hall and through a long corridor, arriving at the entrance of a small hall.

Lightly pushing open the door, this small hall was elegantly decorated. Before entering the room, Qi Ao Shuang could already smell the familiar scent of rose tea.

Upon stepping through the door, Qi Ao Shuang was taken aback.

Because the people in the living room were people she knew very well.

Camil had a gentle smile on his face. It was so familiar, so warm. He was holding a delicate teapot in his hand, and the scent of rose tea came from it.

Camille is here?

“Hey!” “Little toy, you came so slowly!” A rough voice pulled Qi Ao Shuang back from her thoughts.

Qi Ao Shuang’s startled brick actually saw the young master! There was also Feng Yi Xuan, who wore a complicated expression beside the young master. Feng Yixuan’s pitch-black eyes were still filled with deep sorrow. After they looked at each other, Feng Yi Xuan slowly turned his head away, not looking at Qi Ao Shuang again.

Feng Yixuan, Feng Yixuan …

Why were they unwilling to acknowledge him now? What had happened?

Feng Yixuan and the others were here, but what about the others?

Qi Ao Shuang’s gaze swept across the entire small hall, but she didn’t see anyone else.

“Stop looking, we’re the only ones here.” “The idiots who came with us still don’t know where to flop.” The young lord glared at Ao Shuang and snappily said, “What are you still standing there for?” “Come and sit down!”

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned for a moment, then she smiled faintly, turned to Marilyn and said, “Come.”

A hint of panic appeared in Marilyn’s eyes. Looking at Qi Ao Shuang’s smiling face, she finally calmed down a little. She obediently followed behind Qi Ao Shuang and sat down together with her.

“Heh, you’re not bad at all. After coming here, you immediately kidnapped the Goddess of Light.” The young master leaped from his seat and ran up to them, bending suddenly down to look at Marilyn.

The eyes of Marilyn and the young master met, and they were immediately shocked. They immediately stood up and shouted in disbelief, “Demon race?!”

“Alright!” “What are you shouting for!” The young lord impatiently shouted in a low voice, “What’s wrong with the demons? The demons are much better than you hypocrites.”

Marilyn clenched her white teeth and trembled slightly, tears of humiliation welling in her eyes. Today she had received more mockery than she had ever received in her life.

“Alright, Young Chieftain, don’t say anymore.” Xiao Aushuang said softly, “This time, Marilyn’s situation is not good, stop treating her like this.” She is the key to ending the Holy War. "

The young lord’s expression suddenly changed as he slammed his hand on the table, glaring angrily at Qi Ao Shuang, “Isn’t it because …”

“Ladya!” At this time, Feng Yixuan suddenly let out an angry bellow and roared back at the Young Lord.

The young lord was so angry that he couldn’t even see his own face. He looked at Qi Ao Shuang as if he wanted to cut her into a thousand pieces. Eventually, his eyes became frustrated, and then helpless. He angrily turned his head and sat beside Feng Yi Xuan. He silently lowered his head and no longer said anything.

The young master’s name was Raddia?

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. She looked towards Feng Yi Xuan, but Feng Yi Xuan turned his head away and did not meet his gaze. The young lord seemed to be sulking.

What was going on?

What exactly was Feng Yixuan hiding from him? What was his problem?

Qi Ao Shuang’s brows were knitted tightly together, and her heart was filled with doubt and worry.

“Yi Xuan …” Just as Qi Ao Shuang cried out softly, Camil walked up to her with a smile, blocking her view of Feng Yi Xuan.

“Little Ao Shuang, you must be tired from the journey. Have a cup of tea first.” Camil still had the same gentle smile on his face, elegantly pouring a cup of fragrant rose tea for Qi Ao Shuang and placing it by her side.

Qi Ao Shuang retracted her gaze and stared blankly at the rose tea in her hands. The scene from earlier was still playing in his mind. What was Feng Yixuan hiding? Why was the Young Lord’s reaction so intense?

“Beautiful lady, you’ve worked hard on your journey as well. Have some tea, please.” Camille’s gentle smile was infectious and affectionate, and she poured Marilyn a cup of hot tea.

Marilyn looked at the beautiful woman in front of her with some surprise. Ever since he came to the place of the God of Darkness, he had been extremely depressed. This person was the first to show such friendliness towards her. So gentle, so graceful. How could he, in such sunlight, be a member of the God of Darkness?

“Thank you, thank you …” Marilyn answered, a little embarrassed.

Camille smiled and said nothing more.

Behind Marilyn, Charlotte lowered her head, a strange glint flashing in her eyes.

“Meow?” The Maneki-Neko hopped onto the table from Qi Ao Shuang’s head. Looking at the stunned Xiao Ao Shuang, it used its claws to touch her.

Qi Ao Shuang came back to her senses, smiled at the Maneki-Neko, picked up the teacup, took a sip, looked up at the crowd and said lightly: “All of you, you knew that I would definitely come, so you all waited for me here?”

“Alright.” Camil nods his head slightly and thoughtfully fills the cup with tea for Qi Ao Shuang.

“However, I didn’t expect you to directly bring the Goddess of Light with you.” Sistar still spoke coldly.

“Naturally, I brought her here for a purpose.” Xiao Ao Shuang wouldn’t give him face, and her voice turned cold as she mocked, “Xistar, you have been suppressed by the Radiant Temple for so many years and have always been at a disadvantage. Do you want to maintain this situation?”

Sistar’s face turned green, and he glared at Marilyn. It was obvious that he thought that Marilyn was the one who leaked the information to Xiao Ao Shuang.

Marilyn blinked innocently, feeling wronged. When had she ever said that? This was all because of the sharp twin black girls themselves. It had nothing to do with him!

“So what?” Sistar asked through gritted teeth, “Can you change the situation you’ve been maintaining for tens of thousands of years?”

Qi Ao Shuang almost spat out blood. Tens of thousands of years? It was no wonder that he felt so much resentment. No wonder he hated the Goddess of Light so much, no wonder he mocked and ridiculed Marilyn.

So it turned out that tens of thousands of years of grievances had been piling up there. No wonder, no wonder…

Xiao Ao Shuang looked at West Starr with sympathy. Poor child.

West Starr looked at Xiao Ao Shuang viciously, not understanding her sympathy at all.

“Don’t look at me like that. It’s not like I bullied you for tens of thousands of years.” Xiao Ao Shuang smiled mockingly, and said: “I am here to prepare to change the situation.” And the key to this change is the real Goddess of Light, Her Excellency Marilyn. "

“What?!” Sistar frowned and cried out involuntarily, “She’s already in such dire straits, what can she change?”

Marilyn’s face was so pale. On this day, her confidence and dignity were almost crushed to nothing by this fellow, West Starr. Oh, no, it should be close to negative!

“Don’t say it so absolutely.” Xiao Ao Shuang spoke slowly, then said softly to Marilyn, “Don’t mind, this guy’s personality is really that bad.”

Marilyn nodded miserably, not daring to speak, afraid that she would pull him back to her. Her fragile heart could no longer bear the relentless ravages.

“Show them your status symbol.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded to Marilyn.

Marilyn immediately placed the colorful crystal on her forehead.

“This, what can I do?” West Starr could clearly see that these were the treasures the Goddess of Light used to absorb the power of faith, as well as symbols of the Goddess’s status. But the number of followers of the Goddess of Light in the Mortal Realm had been reduced by quite a bit, and the power of the Goddess of Light had been reduced by quite a bit. This, what can I do? Such a weak Goddess of Light trying to stop the Holy War?

“She is the true goddess of light.” Qi Ao Shuang said meaningfully, “The one with this keepsake is the real Goddess of Light.” “She is the true master of the Radiant Temple …”

“What do you mean?!” Sistar is indeed a treacherous and crafty fellow. After thinking for a moment, he understood Qi Ao Shuang’s plan. When he woke up, he was excited. Such a grand gesture? Do you really intend to do this?

“You’re smart. Marilyn’s smart.” Xiao Ao Shuang took a sip of her flowery tea, then looked at West Starr with a smile that was not a smile.

Sistar touched his chin, watching Marilyn not speak, as if thinking.

Marilyn was a bit nervous. She pinched her palm and spoke first, “Sistar, I solemnly promise that if I rule the Holy Palace, the Holy Hall will live peacefully with you and stop the encirclement and suppression.”

Sistar did not speak, but frowned in thought, considering.

Marilyn’s nervous palms were wet with cold sweat. Success or failure depended on this. If the God of Darkness didn’t cooperate and help her build a new Radiant Temple, then everything would be for naught.

"There is light only when there is darkness. Light and darkness coexist. Sistar, I have already deeply understood this principle, and I hope to have your support. It was imperative to overthrow the stubborn and shameless elders and establish a new Holy Palace. If I become the ruler of the Radiant Temple, I will fill the world with peace, and I will put an end to a senseless holy war. “Miss Xiao Aushuang’s purpose in coming here is to end the Holy War.” Marilyn said it eagerly.

She could tell that Qi Ao Shuang had a special relationship with West Starr, and she also understood that West Starr was a smart person, so it should be easy for him to talk to a smart person. So Wistar should know exactly what she meant.

“Let me think about it.” Sistar spoke indifferently before turning to look at Qi Ao Shuang with a smile and said, “Little Ao Shuang, you have just come to my place and have yet to visit my palace.” I’ll show you around and catch you at night. "

When Marilyn saw this reaction from Sistar, she became anxious and was about to say something.

However, Xiao Ao Shuang turned her head and gave a meaningful glance to Marilyn, stopping her from speaking.

Qi Ao Shuang was well aware of the shameless and cunning personality of West Starr. Sistar did not immediately agree, but changed the subject and said something unimportant. It was not that he disagreed with the proposal, but that he was raising the price. In grinding Marilyn’s patience, the more flustered Marilyn got, the better he was.

Marilyn finally closed her mouth and said nothing more.

Sistar called for the maid to take Marilyn and her angels down to rest, then he spoke to her in a serious tone.

“You are too treacherous.” Sistar was pacing around the room, saying to Xiao Aohan, “You’ve left such a hot man with me.” “Isn’t this harming me?”

“Do I have your shamelessness?” Qi Ao Shuang said passively, “Who used me so shamelessly before running off?”

“This …” Sistar blinked, unable to speak.

“You’ve finally made a name for yourself, God of Order. The power of faith is also flowing in unceasingly.” Xiao Ao Shuang said mockingly, “However, it is inevitable that I will be chased around by the Radiant Temple in the future.” You can now replace the Radiant Temple with the Temple of Order in the Mortal Realm. After a period of time, others can do the same. “This is obviously a good opportunity. You’re still saying that I harmed you?”

Sistar frowned, then paced back and forth, as if in considerable confusion.

“Alright, stop pretending.” Xiao Ao Shuang said lazily, “I need to rest, I want to sleep.” Let’s work together with this Goddess of Light. From the establishment of a new Radiant Temple. Of course, with your shameless and treacherous personality, you don’t need me to remind you of that, right? "

The corner of Xistar’s mouth twitched as he stared dumbly at Xiao Ao Shuang, unable to say anything.

“Come on, Little Ao Shuang, I’ll take you to your room.” Camil stood up and said to Xiao Ao Shuang with a smile.

The Maneki-Neko hopped onto Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder, squinted its eyes, and mewled twice. It was obvious that it was tired as well.

Qi Ao Shuang followed Camil out the door. Before leaving, she looked at Feng Yi Xuan’s back. However, Feng Yi Xuan had never turned his head around to look at her. He just sat there silently without moving.

Qi Ao Shuang sighed in her heart, turned around and left.

Deluxe guest rooms, comfortable beds. After Xiao Ao Shuang took a bath for the Lucky Cat, they laid on the bed together. Qi Ao Shuang looked at the luxurious bed curtain above her head in a daze.

Feng Yixuan …

Why didn’t she recognize him?

I can’t hold it in any longer, I can’t hold it in any longer!

I won’t be able to wait for him to personally tell me!

I must find an opportunity to ask you tonight.

He had to ask him in person what exactly was going on.

What was so difficult about him?

Why was there such an unresolvable sadness in his eyes? Was it because of him?