Volume 1

Chapter 251

Stunning Edge - C251

After thinking about it for a while, Qi Ao Shuang still couldn’t remember who she knew in the Divine Realm.

It was possible that the White Emperor, Hei Yu, or Leng Lingyun had come to find him.

However, if they came to find him, would this be the way? Probably not.

So it shouldn’t be any of them. Who could it be?

Under the guidance of the female attendant, Xiao Ao Shuang walked into the reception hall. As soon as she reached the door, she heard a bright laughter, “Haha, you are much more pleasing to the eye than the previous Angelica. That little girl has been lying about her authority and has been talking about the Elders Guild all day long.”

He seemed to have heard this sonorous voice before?

Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she searched through her mind for this bright voice. Suddenly, she came to a realization. Isn’t this the dragon god’s voice?

Qi Ao Shuang clearly remembered that arrogant bastard from back then, but what was the Dragon God doing here? What was the reason for him to look for her?

Pushing the door open, he saw the person who was sitting on the chair laughing out loud. This old man that was brimming with spirit, was the Dragon God? West Starr was there as well, chatting and laughing with the Dragon God. When he had taken over the Radiant Temple, the Dragon God had sent out a large number of draconic clans to take sightseeing missions, which had played a crucial role. West Starr was naturally very enthusiastic about the Dragon God.

“Ah ha-ha, little lass, come here, come here, let me see you.” When the Dragon God saw Qi Ao Shuang enter, he waved his hands intimately.

Qi Ao Shuang blinked her eyes. Looking at the dragon god’s happy face, she didn’t know what to do.

“Haha, little lass, you haven’t seen me before, I already knew about you. Come ~ ~” The Dragon God smiled and waved at Qi Aushuang. After hesitating for a moment, Qi Ao Shuang walked over.

Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled, why was this dragon god so intimate with her? It was the same as seeing a long-lost family member. Was it that exaggerated? How would she know that the Dragon God’s personality was despicable and shameless. After knowing her personality, the Dragon God had already taken her as a soulmate. She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. She didn’t know whether to laugh or feel honored or speechless.

“Hello, Dragon Temple.” Qi Ao Shuang greeted politely. This old man wasn’t someone she could afford to offend. Even the Radiant Temple had tried to curry favor with him by using his face to provoke him into signing a contract that would not bully the weak. One could imagine his true strength.

“Haha, there’s no need for this little girl to be so restrained.” “Come, sit this way.” The Dragon God patted the seat beside him, indicating for Qi Ao Shuang to sit down.

Qi Ao Shuang sat down and looked at the powerful old man, not knowing what he was up to.

“You, your name is Qi Ao Shuang?” The Dragon God asked with a smile.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded.

"Very well, very well. I like your character very much. Thanks to you, my descendants from the lower realms have become a little more intelligent. " The Dragon God reached out his hand and patted Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder, nearly dispersing Qi Ao Shuang’s bones.

It was only then that Xiao Aushuang had an inkling of what was going on. Was this old man being very courteous to her because of this?

“Why did the Temple of Dragon come this time?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked straightforwardly.

“Oh, I came to join in the fun. It’s purely for sightseeing.” The Dragon God squinted his eyes and laughed.

A tourist tour?! I bulge! Xiao Ao Shuang made a hand gesture in her heart. So that was how it was! Back then, the Black Dragon had brought the dragon race out with them in full force. This was called sightseeing, and it had changed the entire situation in an instant. Now that the dragon god old man said those words again, his expression didn’t change at all. It seemed that this old fellow only wished to stir up chaos throughout the world. He would gather wherever there was excitement!

However, this was also a good thing. With the Dragon God, the Radiant Temple seemed to be much more powerful than the Elders Guild. Now that the world is unaware of Marilyn’s break with the Presbyterians, Marilyn takes advantage of the opportunity to develop her own influence. Presumably the Presbyterian Council would soon take real and forceful measures, and if Marilyn continued to do so, the Presbyterian Council would become history.

“Good sightseeing.” Qi Ao Shuang felt her tongue being tied, and she did not know what to say. This old man’s identity and strength were very special. He was not someone that was easy to fool.

“Right, that bastard Austin is coming as well.” I think I brought your friend with me. " The Dragon God laughed heartily. When Austin was mentioned, he seemed much more spirited.

“Friend?” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled, but she suddenly understood. Was this referring to the White Emperor Black Feather or Leng Lingyun? Who is Austin?

“Austin is an Elf God. He loves gambling.” Sistar added. Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly remembered that she was branded by the Dark God. Cliff and her master originally wanted to ask the Elf God to remove the mark, but the Elf God seemed to have agreed not to remove it after losing the bet with West Starr. If not, the moment he said that, Qi Ao Shuang actually remembered this matter very quickly. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

Xiao Ao Shuang glared at West Starr. He seemed to have thought of something and quickly shut his mouth tactfully.

“It’s a cold-looking silver-haired kid. They should be here soon.” The Dragon God did not notice the abnormality of the Western Starr. Instead, he happily spoke of the person who came with the Elf God.

Leng Lingyun!

It was Ling Yun, and he was with the Elf God.

However, what were these few gods doing together? Something to do with this Holy War? Not likely. The Elf God and the Dragon God would not interfere in the affairs of the Divine Realm, they were both under the control of the Radiant Temple. It wasn’t that they didn’t have the ability to control it, but that they didn’t want to. But what were they all here for, when they were helping Marilyn to become the new Radiant Temple?

“Haha, it’s here. I could smell the stench of Austin from far away.” The Dragon God laughed and said while looking at the door.

“Bartle, you old bastard, I want revenge.” A roar came from outside the door. However, even though this voice was filled with anger and vulgarities, it was still pleasant to hear.

“Come, I’ll accompany you.” “You idiot who lost ten bets and nine bets.” The Dragon God directly leaped up from the sofa, rolled up his sleeves and glared at the door, waiting for the people at the door to appear.

Oh, the Dragon God’s name is Bart, and besides the Elf God’s bet, he’s actually a loser with ten bets and nine losses?!

This was really the biggest gossip of the Divine Realm.

It was unknown if the Elves in the Mortal Realm knew that the pure and noble nature of the Elf Gods was actually like this, or if they would be so angry that they would vomit blood.

At last, the appearance of the Elf God appeared at the entrance. With a single glance, Qi Ao Shuang was stunned by the appearance of the person in front of her. What a beautiful person! Her soft green hair shone with an enticing luster as it flowed down naturally. It was exquisite to the point that there was not a single flaw on her face, her clear green eyes, and her every movement and movement were suffused with an elegant aura. His smile was so intoxicating, his manner so dazzling. His slender body and the strange mark of beauty between his brows made him appear even more mysterious and handsome.

However, his speech and manner were completely inconsistent with his elegant appearance.

“Bartle, you old bastard. Last time, you won my Green Eye Stones. This time, I want to win it back.” The beautiful Elf God rolled up his sleeves, roared, and rushed over in quick steps.

“Afraid of you?” “I’ll do it!” Bartle even stepped on the tea table and viciously glared at the Elven God Austin.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes did not move away from the door. Lingyun, where is Lingyun? Didn’t the Dragon God say that Lingyun and the Elf God came together?

A strand of silver hair gently floated past, revealing Leng Lingyun’s familiar handsome face.

“Lingyun!” Xiao Ao Shuang blurted out with a smile.

“Ao Shuang.” Leng Lingyun’s originally cold face revealed a faint smile when she saw Qi Ao Shuang. The grey-clothed man beside Leng Lingyun was still wearing a wide cloak, his hat obscuring his appearance. He was still so mysterious that he didn’t reveal his true face.

“Why are you with the elven god?” Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she stepped forward.

"After passing through that passageway, I finally landed in the territory of the Elf God. After that, the Elf God sent people to inquire about the situation with such a big commotion coming from your side. After knowing that you were here, I was prepared to come over. The elven god and the dragon god have also arranged to come and find the god of darkness. " Leng Lingyun explained.

Qi Ao Shuang frowned. In that case, the Elf God and Dragon God were the ones who found out about the cooperation between the God of Darkness and Marilyn. Otherwise, why would they come here to find the God of Darkness, or did the God of Darkness reveal it to them?

With the Goddess of Darkness’s treacherous and shameless personality, he would definitely leave something behind. So, it seems that the God of Darkness purposely revealed this to the Dragon God and the Elf God? It didn’t matter, as long as they mastered the scale themselves.

“So, the White Emperor and Black Feather aren’t with you guys anymore?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked.

“Yeah, I didn’t see them, and I didn’t hear from them.” Leng Lingyun looked around, and seeing Camil and the others, she was not surprised.

The Elf God and the Dragon God had already readied themselves. The two of them stood on the coffee table without any image, preparing to start their usual gamble.

When Qi Aushuang saw their so-called gambling, her jaw almost dislocated!

It was actually stone scissors!

Gambling without such level of skill!

It truly made one vomit three liters of blood!

The Elf God let out a pitiful cry, because what he produced was cloth, and the Dragon God’s scissors …

Poor Elven.

“Well, I have a better gambling method in the Temple of the Dragon and the Temple of the Elves. Do you want to try it?” Qi Ao Shuang squinted her eyes and laughed like a bad thief. The Dragon God and the Elf God were probably the key to balancing the influence of the Divine Realm. Naturally, they had to curry favor with them. Xiao Aushuang had a premonition that there would be plenty of times to use them in the future.

“What method?” The Elf God and Dragon God both turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang with curiosity.

Qi Ao Shuang smiled but did not say anything.

However, not long after, a barrier was set up in an elegant small hall in the rear courtyard of the Radiant Temple.

“Bang!”

“Touch your head!” “I’m done.”

“I …”

Marilyn blankly stared at the few red-faced people fighting inside. That little square thing is called Mahjong? Was he that attractive? The God of Darkness, the Dragon God, and the Elf God could not bear to let go. Only Camille played elegantly.

The few of them were very smart, and Qi Ao Shuang knew how to teach them. Now, the fight was in full swing.

“The Elders Guild will definitely make a big move. You should think about how to deal with it.” Qi Ao Shuang said casually.

Marilyn’s expression changed slightly. She said goodbye to Qi Aoshuang and hurried to the study room.

Qi Ao Shuang leaned on the pillar, watching Marilyn’s figure leave, her eyes a little dark.

“Ao Shuang, what’s wrong?” Leng Lingyun stood beside Qi Ao Shuang, naturally seeing the change in Qi Ao Shuang’s expression.

“Lingyun, don’t you think that Marilyn has been getting too many applause recently? What do you think?” The corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth curled up as she asked in a mocking tone.

"When a man’s ambition is satisfied and inflated beyond measure. Her desire will only grow stronger and stronger. " Leng Lingyun narrowed her eyes, looking at the direction where Meryl’s figure disappeared to and spoke coldly.

Qi Ao Shuang smiled without saying anything.

Marilyn, your eyes are getting hotter and hotter. Don’t you know how to hide it?

In the bright, large study of the Radiant Temple, Marilyn sat at her desk, looking at a table full of papers, a small smile on her beautiful face.

It’s only been a month, but there’s already so many Two-Winged Angels and Four-Winged Angels. Soon, the birth of the Six-Winged Angels will begin.

This was great, he never expected such a result.

Everyone was bowing and curtsying to themselves, and everyone’s eyes were full of respect when they saw them. Flowers, applause, praise, never so much! Everything was decided by himself. No one needed to vote, no one needed to look at the expression on anyone’s face.

Was this power?

The feeling of power was actually so good!

Marilyn reaches out with her long, slender fingers and casually leafs through the papers on the desk.

Heh heh, power, that’s how power feels.

With one hand covering the sky, his blood boiled.

Here, everyone saluted when they saw themselves. Those Angel Warriors looked at them with eyes full of reverence and love.

This feeling was too good!

However, it did not seem to be enough! He wanted more of this feeling!

Freya, Qi Aoshuang, hehe, this human girl really did have some tricks up her sleeve. If she hadn’t accepted her proposal, she wouldn’t have been able to take everything in front of her. However, she was only a mere human. He couldn’t allow her to dominate him like this.

As for the God of Darkness! This shameless bastard. He was actually on good terms with the Dragon God and the Elf God. He was a hard rock, not easy to bite down on. However, even if it was a hard stone, he had to make it his stepping stone! When he had ascended to the highest peak, he would then kick away this useless stepping stone!

The Elders Guild would soon take action. However, with that demon present, what did he have to fear? The strength of that demon was truly terrifying. This kind of weapon was perfect for dealing with the Elders Guild and their stubborn old foxes. If he really couldn’t do it, he could ask that human for help! Just use her properly.

Didn’t she want to stop the Holy War and end it? The Dragon God and the Elf God had such a good relationship with her. Wasn’t it a simple matter to ask her to ask the Dragon God and the others to intervene?

Holy war … The Holy War that happened once every thousand years. In the past, he did not understand why there was such a meaningless and only filled with battles of killing. But now, he seemed to understand.

War, expand! This way, he would be able to satisfy this comfortable desire!

Haha, expand to the outside world and rule the Three Realms!

Just thinking about it was exciting. No wonder those shameless old fellows of the Elders Guild would spare no effort to wage such a war every thousand years.

Once the Council of Elders was overthrown and that human left, wouldn’t he have the final say in everything?

The Holy War was truly something to look forward to.

The expression on Marilyn’s face grew more and more ferocious, and her eyes grew more and more intense. The document in her hand was almost crumpled into a ball.

“Marilyn.” A low voice filled with worry called out softly.

“Huh?” Marilyn wakes up with a start and frowns at the people standing next to her.

Charlotte was looking at Marilyn, her face full of concern and bewilderment, and there was a trace of a strange, unfathomable emotion in the depths of Charlotte’s eyes.

“Charlotte!” “How many times have I told you? Don’t call me by my name, and don’t interrupt me while I’m thinking!” Marilyn grunted impatiently.

“Yes.” “However, there’s no one else here, and I don’t see what you’re thinking. There’s something wrong with your expression, that’s why I …” Charlotte said softly.

Marilyn put down the document in her hand, frowned and said coldly, “Has there been any movement from the Council of Elders recently?” You’re my captain of the guard. That’s what you should be concerned about, not what I’m thinking.

“Yes, the Council of Elders seems to be assembling an army.” Charlotte stood to the side, her head lowered, her eyes filled with complexity.

“Then what are you standing here for?” “Go investigate and prepare for battle!” “I’ll go to the main hall.” As soon as Marilyn mentioned the main hall, she gritted her teeth. Damned God of Darkness, he was going to change his followers a lot. How much time and effort would he have to spend to get it back? However, this was only a matter of time!

After speaking, Marilyn hurried out. The main hall was the place where she absorbed the power of faith in the Light. Although the faith power of the human realm had been reduced by a lot, there were still quite a few believers.

Charlotte let out a long sigh in her heart as she watched Marilyn’s back disappear.

Why, why do you think Marilyn has changed.

That pure and upright girl seemed to be getting farther and farther away from him.

Charlotte slightly shook the twelve wings on her back, a bitter smile appearing on her face. That’s right, he had fallen to the point where he would grow up to become a Twelve-Winged Angel by absorbing the hearts of his companions. It was normal for Marilyn to have some changes, right?

However, was it really like this? He was just comforting himself.

Charlotte sighed softly. She also slowly walked out of the study.

As soon as she walked out of the study, Charlotte met a pair of penetrating eyes. The owner of the pair of eyes was looking at him with a smile that was not a smile. The sight gave him goosebumps.

“Miss Ao Shuang…” “Her Highness the Goddess isn’t here, she’s gone to the main hall.” Charlotte swallowed slightly. He had a deep fear in the depths of his heart for this girl with black hair and black eyes in front of him. This feeling was even stronger than the red-eyed youth from the Demon race. After witnessing the terror of that demon youth’s black flames, Charlotte’s four Angels were filled with fear of the young master.

However, Charlotte’s fear of Qi Ao Shuang was one step further.

If the young lord was a sharp sword, then the blood that filled the sky was cruel and bloody, and no one could block it. In that case, Qi Ao Shuang was a sword that killed without a drop of blood on it. After being killed by her beautiful sword technique, she would even smile and admire her beautiful dance style. He wouldn’t blame her until he breathed his last.

Charlotte didn’t want to face such a terrifying person head on. It was she who had lured them into the bottomless abyss, but was willing to do so.

“I didn’t come for her. I came for you.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled.

“Looking for me?” Charlotte’s heart tightened abruptly when she saw Qi Ao Shuang’s incomparably flirtatious smile.

“Yes, I’ve come for you.” “For you, and for the person you love, let’s have a good talk.” Qi Ao Shuang’s smile seemed so pure and harmless, but the words she spat out almost scared Charlotte out of her wits.

“What?” I don’t know what you’re talking about. " Cold sweat already broke out on Charlotte’s palms, but she still tried her best to stabilize her emotions.

“Do you want me to say it out loud?” A pair of lovers entered the school of light together, the last candidate to become the goddess of light, and the last Angel Warrior to become the guardian of the goddess of light. “We should have supported each other in moving forward, but it’s a pity that fate is manipulating people …” Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes, and said those words in a cold tone.

Charlotte’s face was so pale that there was no trace of blood in it. Her fists were clenched so tight that her knuckles were white. He looked at Xiao Aushuang for a long time before spitting out a sentence, “Miss Ao Shuang, why did you come to me for?” As long as I don’t hurt her, I’ll promise you anything, even if my soul falls into endless hell. "

“Your soul and body have long since willingly fallen into hell.” Qi Ao Shuang sneered and said without any hesitation. He just couldn’t bear to see these people acting as if they were being “forced into prostitution”! "I didn’t come to you to harm her. On the contrary, I came here to help her and the rest of you. “That way, she wouldn’t lose her way and end up with nothing left of her.” Xiao Ao Shuang was not polite at all.

Charlotte’s expression changed again and again. Finally, she let go of her clenched fist and said in a low voice, “This isn’t the place to speak. Please follow me, Miss Ao Shuang.” Charlotte turned around and walked in front as soon as she finished speaking.

Qi Aoshuang smiled faintly. She raised her head and nodded to the air before turning around and following behind Charlotte.

After the two of them left, Leng Lingyun appeared.

“Master…” The figure of the gray-robed man beside Leng Lingyun also appeared.

Leng Lingyun remained silent.

“Master, she will definitely make you suffer a calamity …” The man in gray looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s back and spoke in a low voice, his tone filled with worry. This young girl, she was not such a simple person …!