Volume 1

Chapter 254

C254

Stunning Edge - C254

Marilyn pointed at Qi Ao Shuang’s nose and shouted angrily. She was so excited that she had long forgotten who was responsible for her actions. At this moment, she only had one thought in her mind, and that was that this foolish human had let go of the Council of Elders and done something completely mindless.

“Say, what do you mean?” Have you forgotten our agreement? Don’t you want to end the Holy War? “How dare you do such a thing!” Marilyn bellowed in excitement, her white face flushing red.

Qi Ao Shuang did not have any expression on her face, only looked at the excited Marilyn in front of her.

Looking at how Qi Ao Shuang did not react, Marilyn became more and more angry. Just as she was about to say something more vicious, Qi Ao Shuang slowly opened her mouth and spoke with a light voice.

"I never had an agreement with you. “Don’t forget how you became the Goddess of Light. Since I can let you become the Goddess of Light, I can also rescue Angelica from the past and let her become the Goddess of Light.” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice was as cold as the winter night. It was ethereal and ice-cold, causing one’s heart to shudder in fear.

Feng Yixuan’s expression also turned cold as he narrowed his eyes. A shocking bloody scar appeared on Marilyn’s white face. Leng Lingyun did not say a word. She looked at Marilyn calmly, her eyes full of frightening danger. Marilyn’s back broke out in a cold sweat.

The blood on his face slowly dripped down as it floated in the air. Marilyn’s pupils dilated, and she suddenly realized that her attitude seemed too much. Marilyn hastily adjusted her face and put on a smile, but her tone was still urgent. “That’s not what I mean, Miss Austen.” However, this was a great opportunity to wipe out the Elders Guild. “If we let them go, the consequences would be unimaginable.” After speaking, Marilyn anxiously looked at Charlotte and the others in the distance. Charlotte led a group of angels to chase after them with all her might, but the members of the Council of Elders flew further and further away. Charlotte and the others could only kill those Angel Warriors who stayed behind to delay them.

The blood that filled the sky was like rain, striking fear in one’s heart. Red white feathers danced in the air as she sang a song filled with bloodshed and grief.

In this war, how many of the Angels had perished? How many of the Angel Warriors didn’t even have the heart of an Angel, never to have the chance to reincarnate again, perishing forever?

“Elders Guild, you’ve lost a lot of strength this time, haven’t you?” Qi Ao Shuang turned around, staring at the brutal war that was still going on in the distance, an indescribable feeling arose in her heart. Charlotte was still leading the Angel Warriors in pursuit of the Elders Guild. However, Charlotte intentionally or unintentionally released some powerful Angels. It had nothing to do with the private conversation between Qi and himself that night.

“It has indeed weakened a lot, but we can’t exterminate them all.” If they were on the ground right now, they would probably be stamping their feet in anxiety.

“Your highness, aren’t you a little too greedy?” Xiao Ao Shuang smiled and coldly spat out these words.

Marilyn’s face froze as she stared blankly at Xiao Aohan. After a long time, she finally spat out, “Miss AoShuang, what do you mean by that?” “I don’t really understand.”

“Literally.” Qi Ao Shuang continued with a faint smile on her face, “Let’s just leave the rest to you. You are an intelligent person.”

“Miss Ao Shuang, I don’t understand what you mean!” Marilyn’s expression changed drastically, but she still steadied her emotions, trying her best to remain calm as she said to Qi Ao Shuang, “Don’t tell me that you don’t want to end this Holy War?” I have not yet become the true ruler of the divine realm. “I still can’t …”

“Are you an idiot?” The young master’s cold voice was filled with disdain and ridicule.

Marilyn paled and turned to look at the young master, moving her lips but unable to make a sound. Because the young master’s face was full of a mocking smile, his eyes were sharp enough to the point where she was unable to look him in the eye. The young lord’s gaze fell on her, making her feel as if she was being stared at by a poisonous snake, making her unable to breathe.

"You know you can’t get rid of the Elders Guild, so you will keep fighting. “As long as we maintain this state, will the Divine Realm still have the energy to start a Holy War?” The young master spat in disdain, his eyes turning white as he coldly said, “The matter is settled, let’s go.”

Marilyn’s face instantly turned ashen. He suddenly turned to look at Qi Aushuang, only to see her calm expression. She did not have any objections to what the young master said earlier.

Marilyn opened her mouth slightly and stared at him, but she couldn’t say a word. Looking at the girl with black hair and black eyes, a chill and fear arose in Marilyn’s heart. Could it be that this human girl had been plotting this from the very beginning? From the very start, he did not intend to make himself the ruler of the God Realm, but to make himself and the Elders Guild the two opposing powers.

That’s not right! And the God of Darkness!

It was a confrontation between the three forces!

The more Marilyn thought about it, the more shocked she became. She stared blankly at the indifferent Qi Ao Shuang, unable to say anything.

This young girl! Twin Dark Maiden, did he really still underestimate her? Or was he overestimating himself? She had already seen through her ambition?

How could she have forgotten that she was the one who ousted the previous Radiant Goddess, Angelica!

The legendary Twin Dark Maiden!

Desperation flashed across Marilyn’s eyes. She looked dispirited as fear flashed past her eyes. She watched as Xiao Ao Shuang and her group flew past her and disappeared from her sight. All that was left in front of her were the blood coloured feathers flying in the sky.

….

“Ao Shuang …” Camil smiled as he welcomed the return of Xiao Ao Shuang and company.

“Camille.” Qi Ao Shuang landed on the ground and stood in front of Camil. Everyone landed one after another with different expressions on their faces.

“The matter seems to have been settled.” “The Elders Guild has been seriously injured, and this period of recuperation is enough for Marilyn to grow in power.” Camil said, beaming.

“Yeah, that’s right.” Qi Ao Shuang did not turn her head to look at the bloody and cruel battlefield behind her, only replying with a low voice.

“Then, there is no longer a need for us to stay here.” Camil narrowed his eyes and said these words softly.

The young lord rolled his eyes and mumbled, “I don’t want to stay in a place full of birds!” Feng Yi Xuan coldly glanced at the young master. The young master immediately raised his right hand and swiped it from left to right in front of the blood jade in his mouth. Then he shut his mouth tightly, indicating that he wouldn’t speak anymore nonsense.

“You can go back now.” Hei Yu tilted his eyes to look at the calm White Emperor. He didn’t know why, but every time he saw how calm the White Emperor was, he felt like beating him up. “White Emperor, you silly person, come back later!” I will absolutely suppress you! “I’m stronger than you!”

The White Emperor ignored him, still maintaining his composure.

Black Feather was so frantic that he wanted to take out his weapon and smack White Emperor on his head.

Leng Lingyun turned her head and looked deeply at Qi Ao Shuang, not saying anything.

Feng Yi Xuan, on the other hand, naturally turned his face away from Qi Ao Shuang. The young master once again glared at Qi Ao Shuang from behind Feng Yi Xuan.

Camil smiled, but there was something in his eyes.

Although the matter with the God Realm had been settled, West Starr would handle the rest well. He wouldn’t waste such a good opportunity. However, Qi Ao Shuang was not relaxed at all. This was because there was still the most troublesome Demon World. As for what sort of status Feng Yixuan had in the Demon World, he still didn’t know.

Qi Ao Shuang turned her head to look at Feng Yi Xuan, but Feng Yi Xuan did not turn his head to look at her.

“Let’s go back.” Camil’s low voice suddenly rang out.

Everyone felt their vision go dark, and then there was nothing left.

A flash of white light appeared before his eyes. Everyone disappeared. The place was empty, as if Xiao Ao Shuang and company had never appeared in the first place.

When Qi Aushuang opened her eyes again, she was back at the fountain in the center of the maze of gardens. The surroundings were still tall trees, and the fountain in the middle was still as clear as before. It continuously spurted into the air, splashing countless bright splashes of water.

Everyone’s here. Except Camille.

Camille quietly disappeared again.

What made all of them shocked was that Camil’s low voice seemed to be the reason why they were teleported back here. So Camille sent them back? Who the hell was Camille? To be able to open up a spatial passageway in such a manner allowed them to return to the demon realm from the divine realm.

“Congratulations, the mission is complete.” That familiar and vigorous voice suddenly sounded in everyone’s ears.

“Reward?” Xiao Ao Shuang teased.

“Hur hur.” The voice laughed. “It can satisfy a wish of yours, within our means.”

“Oh, not bad.” Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes and nodded.

“White Emperor, Black Feather, go, to where you should go.” And that’s the end of your connection with her. " He said in a low and deep voice, full of vigor and vitality. He said this sentence in a baffling manner. “… … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … ….”

In the next moment, White Emperor Black Feather and Qi Ao Shuang understood what he meant. At this moment, the contract between the three of them vanished!

“Should I call you Leng Lingyun or the Monster King?” There was actually a hint of ridicule in the vigorous voice at this moment.

“Right now, I am Leng Lingyun. Other than that, I am nothing.” Leng Lingyun said in a low voice.

Everyone’s facial expression changed slightly. Leng Lingyun’s true identity was actually the Great Demonic King of the Demon Sector?

The White Emperor and Black Feather’s expressions became even more shocked as they stared at Leng Lingyun. This silver-haired purple-eyed person was the Great Demonic King that had dominated the world in the past?

This? This didn’t look like the person they knew!

“You, you, you really are …!” Black Feather felt that his brain was unable to process anything.

Leng Lingyun smiled faintly and said lightly: “I said, I am now Leng Lingyun.”

“Fine, Leng Lingyun, your reward is as you wish.” You can do what you want. “You don’t need to worry about the Demon World anymore.” The Sovereign’s voice sounded in a low voice.

“Thank you, Sovereign.” Leng Lingyun smiled faintly, a hint of relief on her face.

The White Emperor was silent as he stared at Leng Lingyun’s calm face.

The black feather was jumping about, unwilling to believe this fact.

White Emperor, Black Feather, your reward is to become the Great Demonic King of the Demon Sector. At this time, the supreme expert spoke once again. This time, he spoke with a loud voice. A gust of wind blew past, and the figures of White Emperor and Black Feather vanished.

Black Feather’s angry roars came through the wind, “Sovereign, I …” You! “What kind of bullsh * t reward is this? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”

Then the voice died away, and there was silence.

“You go as well. The White Emperor and Black Feather need someone to balance them out.” “With you here, they will become even more outstanding Monster Kings.” Leng Lingyun turned around and said in a low voice to the man in grey who had been following her.

“If this is what you wish, Master, then I will obey.” The man in gray said those words softly before turning into a wisp of green smoke and disappearing from the spot.

“So, can I help the two guests from the demon race?” The Zhizun realm expert’s voice sounded once more.

“No need.” The young lord coldly snorted.

At this time, Feng Yixuan moved. He slowly turned his head and slowly walked towards Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned as she stared blankly at Feng Yi Xuan. This was the first time Feng Yixuan looked straight at her since they had separated!

Feng Yixuan walked in front of Qi Ao Shuang, remained silent for a long time, and looked at her deeply. Her eyes were filled with sadness, love, deep longing and reluctance.

2nd

“Yi Xuan …?” Qi Ao Shuang said softly.

“Ao Shuang!” However, Feng Yixuan let out a low shout and suddenly reached out his hand to pull Qi Ao Shuang into his embrace.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, her pupils suddenly contracted.

What was Feng Yixuan doing? He, he hugged himself tightly.

What a warm embrace, what a familiar feeling.

Again and again, every time he was at his most dangerous and helpless, he always appeared in time.

She always hugged herself tightly like this.

“Ao Shuang, I, I love you …” Feng Yixuan’s low voice rang clearly in Qi Ao Shuang’s ears.

The young lord’s eyes were wide open, his mouth wide open as he stood there dumbly, watching the two of them without moving.

However, Leng Lingyun’s expression was extremely complicated. The scene before her eyes was so dazzling that it hurt his heart.

He even had the urge to ruthlessly tear them apart.

“Yi Xuan, Yi Xuan?” Qi Ao Shuang was just about to break free from Feng Yi Xuan’s embrace and ask him what was wrong with him. However, Feng Yixuan held her even tighter.

“Don’t move, Ao Shuang, please don’t move. Let me hug you for a while, just a while …” Feng Yixuan’s voice was low, but it carried a strong pleading tone and a heartache.

Qi Ao Shuang didn’t move again, allowing Feng Yi Xuan to hug her tightly.

"I said I wouldn’t upset you. I will end the Holy War for you. “And I, am a person who has no qualifications to give you happiness.” Feng Yixuan’s low voice echoed in Qi Ao Shuang’s ears like a dream.

You don’t have the qualification to give yourself happiness? What do you mean? What did he mean by that?

A huge wave of uneasiness suddenly rose in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart.

Why did he suddenly feel like Feng Yixuan was about to disappear? It was as if he could no longer feel Feng Yixuan.

“You must be happy.” Feng Yixuan slowly released Qi Ao Shuang and looked deeply at him. She slowly raised her head and gently caressed Qi Ao Shuang’s bright face.

After a long time, Feng Yi Xuan forced out a smile. “Ao Shuang, it’s been good to meet you in this life …”

With that, Feng Yixuan disappeared …

He then disappeared from in front of Qi Ao Shuang! … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

Qi Ao Shuang looked around in panic. There was no one around!

Feng Yixuan had disappeared, just like that. The young lord had also disappeared!

Qi Ao Shuang’s mind went blank as she stared in front of her.

Ao Shuang, it is good to meet you in this life ….

It’s good to meet you.

Leng Lingyun was stunned, seeing the sudden scene in front of her, she did not understand.

“Yi Xuan …” Xiao Ao Shuang mumbled one word.

His heart was so empty, so empty …

It was so quiet that he could only hear his own heartbeat.

“Yi Xuan, Yi Xuan?” Yi Xuan! Qi Ao Shuang’s heart suddenly became flustered. She finally came back to her senses. Feng Yi Xuan had left! Feng Yixuan left just like that! No! How could he just disappear like that? How could he say those words to himself and then disappear? What was going on? What had happened to him? To end the Holy War for himself, with his status as a demon? Was he going to do something stupid?

“No, Yi Xuan, come back. Explain to me clearly!” Yi Xuan! Xiao Ao Shuang clenched her fists tightly as she cried out uncontrollably. The uneasiness in his heart increased.

“Ao Shuang, calm down.” Leng Lingyun looked at the dejected Qi Ao Shuang and hurriedly went forward to support her.

“Qi Ao Shuang, you don’t need to shout, he has already returned to the demon realm.” “Go back and prepare for the Infernal King’s coronation ceremony.” The Paragon’s voice sounded hollow.

“What do you mean?” Xiao Ao Shuang shouted excitedly into the air.

“I suppose you know better than that, don’t you?” The Zhizun realm expert’s voice carried a bitter smile, “He is a demon, but he came here to end the Holy War. For whose sake do you not know?”

Qi Ao Shuang’s heart skipped a beat. Indeed, indeed!

Feng Yixuan had come to end the Holy War because of him, but the price had been his own?

"Things may be more complicated than you think. But the Holy War was over. “That is enough.” The Paragon’s voice returned to normal as he continued, “Speak, what reward do you want?” “Within our capabilities, we will definitely satisfy you.”

Qi Ao Shuang seemed as if she had not heard the words of a Martial Saint. Her eyes were empty, and there was only one thought in her mind.

It was that Feng Yixuan had left him just like that and done something he didn’t want to do for him. For his own sake, he had used him as a price to end the demon realm’s holy war.

The Infernal King’s coronation ceremony?

Had he ended the Holy War at the cost of leaving him and becoming the King of the Devil Realm?

“Ao Shuang …” Leng Lingyun looked at the soulless Qi Ao Shuang, and her eyes were full of heartache. Finally, she gave a long sigh and said faintly, “Since you can’t let him go, why don’t you go find him?”

“What?” After hearing what Leng Lingyun said, Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes finally focused. He raised his head anxiously to look at the helpless and heartbroken Leng Lingyun.

"Although, I really want him to disappear from your eyes like this. But, I know, that’s impossible. " Leng Lingyun sighed lightly, “I thought that I was the one who did the most for you, but in the end, I was wrong.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Leng Lingyun in confusion.

“This way …” “Actually, I could tell just now that he is different for you …” Leng Lingyun sighed softly.

Qi Ao Shuang’s lips trembled, she slowly placed her hand on her chest and said with a trembling voice, “I, I don’t know.” But I knew I didn’t want him to leave me like this. In my heart, there is no one who can replace him ….

“Stop!” Leng Lingyun immediately interrupted Qi Ao Shuang, saying with sorrow in her heart, “Ao Shuang, it is unfair to me that you are like this!”

“What?” Xiao Ao Shuang was at a loss.

"What he can do for you, I can do. After doing all this, he just let go of me without giving me the chance to flip the cards. Do you think it’s fair to me? " Leng Lingyun tried her best to relax and smile, but there was no trace of happiness in her eyes, only bitterness.

“I …” Xiao Ao Shuang wanted to say something, but she found that she couldn’t say a word.

“I’ll accompany you in searching for him. Only by finding him will I be able to determine the victor, right?” Leng Lingyun smiled and rubbed Qi Ao Shuang’s hair, “Let’s go, since we can’t let him go, let’s go find him.”

“Lingyun …” Xiao Ao Shuang wanted to say something, but Leng Lingyun waved her hands.

"Alright, I refuse to listen to the rest. Don’t you have a reward? Let the Sovereign send us to the Devil. “Let’s go find him.” Leng Lingyun said with a smile.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned for a moment, before finally nodding lightly, “Okay.” He then turned to look at the sky and said, “Sovereign, my reward is to send us to the Devil Realm.”

“Sigh …” A faint sigh of relief could be heard in the air. It was a long and slow sigh. “Are you sure you want to go there?” You know how dangerous it is there. Maybe even if you find him, you’ll find it impossible. "

“I want to go!” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes became determined, “Give up without even trying, that’s impossible.”

The Paragon sighed again, and said slowly, “Leng Lingyun, are you going too?” You know, maybe this time.

“Paragon, I have made up my mind.” Leng Lingyun smiled brightly.

“Meow!” The Maneki-Neko on Qi Ao Shuang’s back waved its paws in the air, indicating that it would definitely follow beside Qi Ao Shuang.

“Oh, go, go …” The Martial Saint once again let out a faint sigh.

With a flash of white light, Qi Ao Shuang and Leng Lingyun disappeared.

Just like that, the two of them went to the demon realm.

….

“He still went?” A voice slowly sounded.

“That’s right.” The voice of the original Paragon was filled with helplessness.

“Whether it’s a tribulation or fate, we’ll leave it to them.” Our work is done. "

“That’s all I can do…”