Volume 1

Chapter 250

Stunning Edge - C250

As night fell, West Starr actually prepared a banquet to welcome Qi Ao Shuang. However, the young master and Feng Yixuan did not attend. The happiest thing in the banquet was to recruit a treasure cat. She devoured the food happily before patting her stomach in satisfaction and lying down on the table in front of Xiao Ao Shuang, snoring softly.

Marilyn and a few of her guardian angels were present at the evening’s feast, and Sistar was more gracious to them now. He must have figured out a lot of the details.

Xiao Ao Shuang ate this sumptuous dinner absent-mindedly, then left with the treasure cat. Marilyn and Sistar went alone to the study in Sistar to discuss the matter, and were not so much taken into account as by the perversity of Qi and Ao Shuang.

Camil sat at her seat, elegantly tasting the red wine, watching Qi Ao Shuang’s departing back as she pondered.

Qi Ao Shuang hugged the sleeping cat and asked the maid, Feng Yi Xuan, about his room, then she went to look for him.

Standing in front of the door, Xiao Ao Shuang raised her hand and wanted to knock, but she did not fall down for a while. In front of his eyes was Feng Yixuan’s complicated expression and sorrowful eyes.

What had happened to him since they’d parted?

After standing at the entrance for a long time, Qi Ao Shuang finally knocked on the door gently.

The familiar voice came through the door.

“Who?” Feng Yixuan’s low voice rang out.

Qi Ao Shuang didn’t make a sound. She was afraid that if she did, Feng Yi Xuan wouldn’t even open the door for her.

He lightly knocked on the door again, and footsteps could be heard from inside.

When the door opened, it revealed Feng Yixuan’s beautiful face.

Feng Yixuan stood there silently, gazing deeply at the girl before him. Actually, he already knew who was standing at the door, but … “Yi Xuan, why?” Why don’t you recognize me? “You are clearly the Yi Xuan I know!” Looking at the person in front of her, Xiao Ao Shuang finally couldn’t hold it in any longer and started questioning him.

“I …” Feng Yixuan opened his mouth slightly, but only a single word came out; “I …” He then stopped speaking.

“Yi Xuan!” Why? What the hell is wrong with you? I can clearly see the deep sadness in your eyes. Why? What makes you so difficult? “Is it because of me?” Qi Ao Shuang suddenly felt very flustered. She suddenly felt that Feng Yi Xuan was about to leave her and would never come back.

“No.” I will end the Holy War for you. Definitely! “I won’t make you sad…” Feng Yixuan slowly lowered his voice. His eyes didn’t move away from Qi Aushuang’s bright face, but he didn’t say anything else.

“Yi Xuan!” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Feng Yi Xuan in astonishment. Seeing the pain and patience in his eyes, she involuntarily cried out. She wanted to ask something, but was interrupted by a loud shout.

“Qi Ao Shuang!” What are you doing here? “Go away!” The young master’s angry voice rang out, and in the next moment, the young master was standing beside Qi Ao Shuang, glaring at her.

“Young master …” Qi Ao Shuang turned her head to look at the young master. The young master was so angry that his eyes were about to spew fire.

“You’re not welcome here, hurry back to your room!” The young master roared angrily at Qi Ao Shuang before forcing Feng Yi Xuan into the room. With a bang, he closed the door.

Xiao Ao Shuang stood at the door absent-mindedly, staring at the closed door for a long time before leaving dejectedly.

Inside the room, Feng Yi Xuan was quietly leaning against the window, looking out into the darkness. It was as if he was in a state of mind … “How irritating, how annoying!” The young lord was spewing fire.

Feng Yixuan turned a deaf ear to her words and only looked outside quietly. In his heart, he was thinking about the results.

Ao Shuang, Ao Shuang … There’s a lot I want to say to you.

I will end the Holy War for you.

Never make you sad, absolutely!

However, my vows will always stay by your side.

I’m afraid I’ll never be able to do it again. - The night was dark.

The next morning, at breakfast, she saw the look on Sistar’s face and Marilyn’s smile of satisfaction, and it was clear that the two men had already discussed the details.

The expressions of these two people were always ambiguous, making people easily think wrong of them.

Sistar’s attitude toward Marilyn had also become very courteous.

Since it had been agreed upon, it was naturally time to act.

The first step was to establish a new base for the Radiant Temple. Marilyn had chosen the new Shining Court in Orlicon, far from the City of the Center, so that it was more convenient to act between the former Shining Court and the present Shrine of the Dark.

Sistar was unusually positive. After tens of thousands of years of being suppressed, the situation was about to change. Naturally, he spared no effort in helping Marilyn establish her political power.

It had to be said that Wistar was very rich now. They made their way secretly to the city, bought a large number of houses in the heart of the city, and began to build new ones.

The construction of the Celestial Realm was not as complex as the Mortal Realm. Three days later, a majestic palace rose from the ground. And the grand seal at the entrance of the palace caused everyone in the city to be extremely shocked. That was the symbol of the Radiant Temple!

When Marilyn appeared, dressed in a holy white dress and accompanied by four Ten Winged Angels, the subjects of the city were all excited and boiled up.

The Goddess of Light had actually come!

After the Goddess of Light said some words majestically, the citizens of the entire city were extremely excited, their blood boiling.

"From today onwards, the Radiant Temple will officially move to Orloff City. I, Marilyn Sophel, will lead you to banish the darkness and fill the world with light, purity, and integrity. " Marilyn’s face was holy, and her beautiful face exuded an inviolable dignity.

For a long time on this day, the entire city of Orlén could not be at peace.

Qi Ao Shuang was standing in an attic high up in the palace. She looked down from the window and couldn’t help but pout as she watched Marilyn and her guardian angels accept the worship of the people.

“This is only the first step.” Sistar’s deep voice floated over. “We still need to hold a light academy to select Angel Warriors for her and increase her strength.” He believed that those old fellows in the central city should have received the news as well and would definitely take action. “But I’d like to know how they look.” Wistar said with a schadenfreude.

Elders Guild? She looked at Marilyn, who was enjoying flowers and praise. Compared to Angelica, the former goddess of light, she was really lucky.

As expected, Marilyn was not someone who was easy to deal with. She raised her strength in the Light Academy in the fastest possible time and issued a nationwide warning order. Annually, the selection was advanced. This time, the selection would take place in the new Divine Capital, Orliang City.

The hot-blooded young people were all rushing to register.

In the eyes of the world, the Goddess of Light was the ruler of the Radiant Temple. After all, on the surface, the Goddess of Light represented the Light.

The elders in the central city naturally received the news first.

“Bastard, Marilyn that bitch!” He actually dared to say that the Radiant Temple had moved there! “Bastard, then what are we?” A woman in a luxurious dress flew into a rage in a room decorated with luxurious decorations. She threw all the vases and teacups in the room onto the floor and smashed them into pieces. Her pretty face was full of malevolence, and her beautiful eyes were about to spit fire. If Marilyn stood in front of her now, there was no doubt that she would rush forward to scratch her hair and spit.

This richly dressed woman was none other than the chosen next Goddess of Light, Flora.

“Alright, Flora, take a look at you. There isn’t a single trace of the noble appearance that the Goddess of Light should have.” A handsome man beside her persuaded helplessly.

“But, Father!” “That bitch Marilyn, she dares to openly oppose us like this!” Flouro stomped her feet angrily and complained unwillingly to this man.

“I know. Be patient.” What can Marilyn do by herself? “It will be dealt with soon.” A cold light flashed in the handsome man’s eyes. He was a member of the Council of Elders, and also Floura’s father, Dives.

"Flora, you must remember, you are the Goddess of Light. Look at you, you are still acting so willfully and willfully. What if his subjects saw him? " As soon as he said these words, a deep voice rang out. The speaker was a man who looked very much like Dervis. He was Deavis’s father, Flora’s grandfather, and a member of the Presbyterian Council, Gudbrand.

It was no wonder that Flora was chosen as the next Goddess of Light. Out of the nine Elders in the Elders Guild, four of them were related to her by blood, while the other two were her uncles, so they unconditionally supported her.

“Understood, Grandfather.” Flo lowered her head in embarrassment and restrained herself.

“Hmph!” Marilyn, the little bitch, wants to be independent, too. " A cold light flashed across Di Wei’s eyes as he said with disdain, “Once we capture her, I will make her wish she was dead.”

“Then, father, hurry up and move. It will be too late if you don’t make it. Everyone will really think that it’s the Radiant Temple!” Flarra urged.

“Little girl, it’s too late for you to say anything. We will send people to clear it out.” Deavis tapped her forehead and chuckled.

“Really?” “Father?” She then turned her head to look at the laughing and profound Gudbrand and happily asked, “Grandfather, is what father said true?”

“Of course it’s true. You little girl, when will you be mature and steady?” She lowered her head and smiled embarrassedly. “I will learn from you.” “I can do it later.”

“That’s good. Let’s just wait for the good news now.” The tone in his voice was incomparably cold. He had already ravaged Marilyn a hundred times in his heart, this damned bitch. If it weren’t for her beauty, he would have killed her on the spot long ago and brought back the Crystal of Faith. He never thought that this little slut would actually dare to establish her own sect! Hmph! As long as he brought her back, he would definitely make her beg for death!

In the past, with the help of the Pegasus, it was difficult to find traces of them in every city.

Let’s see where else she can run this time!

“But, Father, I heard that Marilyn has a few 10-Winged Angels guarding her. What’s going on?” Flora asked in confusion.

“Hmph!” Di Wei’s face darkened as he viciously said, “This b * tch is actually enlightened. She let her subordinates absorb the Angel’s Heart that we sent to hunt her down, so she advanced.”

“Impossible, the person we sent is also an eight-winged angel. It’s impossible for him to be defeated so easily and then be absorbed by us.” She frowned and shook her head.

"Maybe it was a sneak attack. All in all, Marilyn, this little bitch, seems to have changed a lot on this flight. " Reeves frowned slightly as well, pondering. Marilyn no longer seemed to be the young woman who had looked innocent and cautious. Her heart seemed to be changing dramatically. This was not a good sign!

"No matter what, I won’t fail again. “This time, Father sent six 10-Winged Angels and a twelve-Winged Angel to capture her.” Dervis said confidently.

Gudbrand narrowed his eyes and shot a cold glare. Yes, this time, there must be no mistake. We must capture Marilyn and take back the crystal of faith!

"All right, Flora, remember not to make a scene like this. “Remember, you are the Goddess of Light.” “I still have things to do. I’ll be leaving first.”

“Alright.” She nodded.

Gudbrand stood up and left with Dervis. The place they were going to was the secret room in the backyard. There were successive Radiant Goddesses imprisoned there, and now, it was their time to enjoy themselves.

…. Ollie City. Holy Hall.

Within a large, bright study.

Xiao Ao Shuang was leisurely sipping the rosetea, looking at the thick documents on the table.

There were indeed many hot-blooded youths in the Divine Realm. In just a few days, so many people had come to register. The busy Charlotte and the others were bedraggled, even more beaming with joy.

The Light Academy had already begun their intense teaching. Right now, Marilyn urgently wanted to increase her own strength.

Thus, the first batch of Angel Warriors would soon be born, and at that time, the double play between Sistar and her would also take place.

But in between, be wary of the Presbyterian flies.

Ever since that night, Feng Yixuan hadn’t said a word to Qi Ao Shuang nor had he looked her in the eye. However, Qi Ao Shuang could sense that a burning gaze would often land on her. Every time she turned her head to search for this gaze, she couldn’t see anything.

However, Qi Ao Shuang knew very well that those were Feng Yi Xuan’s eyes. There was nothing wrong with them.

That night, it was quiet.

Everyone was fast asleep, and Marilyn was tired from an early day’s rest.

The silent Radiant Temple silently snuck into the group of ‘birdmen’. They were the Angel Warriors sent by the Council of Elders.

The leader of the Twelve-Winged Angels waved his hand gently, and the six Ten Winged Angels silently followed him into the main hall. All they had to do now was go to Marilyn’s bedroom and take her back and wait for the Presbyterian trial.

The dark hall was quiet. A few angels carefully walked upstairs. Just as he was about to step up the stairs, the surroundings suddenly lit up. At that instant, the entire hall was also surrounded by Spirit Formations. It was completely isolated from the outside world.

Not good!

It was a trap!

The Angel Warriors of the Elders Guild were all startled. They now understood that their opponents had been waiting for them for quite some time.

Although they were surprised, they didn’t panic. This was because they knew exactly how powerful their opponent was. Even if they had fallen to the point of absorbing the angelic hearts of their own kind, they would not be their match. The other side only had four Fallen Ten Winged Angels, which was very different from their strength. This battle was without suspense!

Unfortunately, they had guessed incorrectly.

What appeared before them was not an angel with snow-white wings and the current goddess of light, Marilyn.

It was a demon girl with blood-red eyes, and a human girl with black hair and black eyes!

“Eh, Twelve-Winged Angels!” The young lord narrowed his eyes and maliciously sized up the Twelve-Winged Angels standing in the hall.

“Demon!” Demon! The angels standing in the hall exclaimed. The demons had appeared in the Divine Realm, and they were still here in Marilyn’s place! No wonder Marilyn was so fearless. She was originally acting together with the dirty demons!

“What the hell!” What are ghosts screaming at night? “Don’t you know it will affect other people’s sleep?” When the young lord saw these Angels crying out in alarm, he wrinkled his brows and started to curse impatiently. He flipped over and jumped down, attacking the Angels standing there unceremoniously.

“Dirty demon, Marilyn!” You filthy woman, you are in cahoots with the dirty demons … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … “Ahhhhh!” The strange cries replaced the angry shouts behind him.

The young lord was indeed the young lord. His attacks were extremely vicious and each of his moves were deadly.

Even without Qi Ao Shuang’s help, a few powerful Angels could only barely dodge her blows, but their wounds were constantly increasing.

When the young lord saw the blood, he became even more agitated, as if he had been injected with chicken blood. His attacks became even more vicious. He seemed to be venting, but at the same time, he seemed to be enjoying it.

What was even more hateful was that the Young Lord was able to kill them, yet he didn’t kill them. Instead, he beat them until they were half dead, half alive, and then came to beat them up. In the end, each of the angels was badly battered and bruised, and they no longer looked as handsome as before. The Twelve-Winged Angels at the head of the group were much better off. At the very least, they were able to discern the appearance of the previous group. The others were all in a terrible state.

“Abominable demons, you guys …” The leader of the Twelve-Winged Angels spat out a mouthful of blood as he awkwardly spoke. And there was a tooth in the blood he spat out.

“I’m not playing anymore, it’s boring!” The young lord didn’t wait for the Twelve-Winged Angels to finish speaking. His face turned cold, and a tyrannical glint flashed in his eyes. With a wave of his hand, black flames instantly surrounded the Angels.

Terrifying cries of pain immediately echoed throughout the hall. It was unable to penetrate through and just like that, it continued to irritate people’s eardrums and cause them to tremble with fear.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned as she watched the Angels burn alive. Not only the body, but also the soul!

This was the Young Chieftain’s strength. This was the Young Chieftain’s nature … With such a painful way to die, the Young Lord narrowed his eyes and enjoyed it.

Slowly, the bodies of the angels burned away, leaving a few glowing hearts on the ground.

“Tch!” “They’re cheap again.” The young master made a cutting sound with disdain, put his hands behind his head and walked back to his room unconcernedly. By them, she meant, of course, the angels by Marilyn’s side, and these pure powers made them more powerful by their absorption.

Only after the young master left did Marilyn, Charlotte, and the others appear. They all looked at the angelic heart on the ground with complicated expressions. His mind was filled with that terrifying scene from a moment ago.

Young master, this person’s strength is actually this terrifying.

Marilyn was glad that she and she were not enemies.

How could Marilyn know the Young Chieftain’s true identity? She could only assume that he was an ordinary demon with such terrifying strength. He had no idea that the Young Chieftain was the Little Devil King who acted as if he saw someone die and the flowers wilt. Even the Demon Generals would walk around her when they saw her. How could she be a good person?

However, Qi Ao Shuang clearly knew the Young Lord’s identity, and now she had a better understanding of him. Young Chieftain, she doesn’t seem to know many things, and only acts according to her character.

No matter what, the angel sent by the Elders Guild had been easily disposed of by the Young Lord. He wouldn’t leak out any information, and he would solve the problem silently and perfectly.

Next, Marilyn worked hard to develop her power.

Her people are constantly blessed in nearby cities and in the city of Orliang to solve problems for people. More young people came to the selection, proud to be angel fighters. Soon, Marilyn’s Angel Warriors already had Four-Winged Angels.

The Elders Guild waited again and again but did not wait for the satisfactory news. The Angels they sent out just disappeared like a stone sinking into the ocean.

Marilyn’s power, however, was at its peak.

Marilyn’s reputation rose to an unprecedented level after several attacks by Sistar and the successful defeat of Marilyn’s men.

The whole of Orlian was a festival of flowers and applause, delivered to the Temple of Light and to the angels of Marilyn without a shred of stinginess.

Qi Ao Shuang looked out the window at the jubilant crowd below, the Maneki-Neko lazily laid down on top of Qi Ao Shuang’s head and looked down.

“Camil…” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly spoke in a low voice.

“What’s wrong?” Camil asked gently, brewing rose tea.

“Do you think these people are crazy?” Sistar hadn’t done anything unforgivable, but these people hated him. The Radiant Temple and the Darkness Palace didn’t have any conflict of interest, but they fought every day. The Radiant Temple had always wanted to destroy the Radiant Temple. What is the meaning of this? " Xiao Ao Shuang asked casually.

“This is their belief in survival, their spiritual dependence.” Camil smiled and handed over a teacup. “Simply put, they are bored and need to find something to do.”

Qi Ao Shuang stood up and took the teacup from Camil, but in her heart, she was in deep agreement with Camil’s words. These people were obviously looking for something to do. It was the same with the Holy War! Because of these people’s boredom, their lives would be reduced to ashes! He absolutely would not allow such a thing to happen.

As Marilyn’s influence grew more and more stable, the Council of Elders would never swallow its anger again. They’re going to make a big move soon.

But they would not be allowed to do so.

The best defense is offense.

It was better to strike first.

A faint smile appeared on Qi Ao Shuang’s face.

At this time, the sound of knocking came from the door.

“Miss Ao Shuang, I have your guest.” The maid in white respectfully said to Xiao Ao Shuang.

Customer? In the Divine Realm, did he know anyone?

Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Camil with suspicion.

Who could it be?