Volume 1

Chapter 265

C262

Stunning Edge - C262

“I say, so be it! Scram!” “Otherwise, hmph…” Leeds snapped, then gave a final sneer that meant something, but he didn’t say the rest of it. However, the ruthlessness in his eyes had explained everything.

“What else?” Xiao Aushuang put down her spoon and asked indifferently.

“Otherwise I’ll let you look for teeth on the floor.” The youngsters behind him also laughed coldly. This was the first time he had seen such an arrogant freshman. Even if he asked for mercy now, it was already too late. He had to beat up this fellow to the point that he had to look for teeth on the floor!

Out of the corner of Xiao Ao Shuang’s eyes, she glanced at her surroundings. The people around her didn’t seem to be used to it, only some people used the corner of their eyes to look at her. Some were gloating, some were sympathetic, some were hating, some were cold …

However, no one came forward to stop them.

Whether it was the number of stars on one’s chest being higher than the person provoking them, or the number of stars below the six-star level, everything was as stable as Mt. Tai.

So it was like this?

A trace of coldness appeared in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes. This place was also a place where the strong were bigger and clearer.

Before Qi Aushuang could say anything, a voice called out to her.

“You are all our seniors, how can you treat a freshman like this?” At this moment, a gentle yet angry female voice was heard. With an angry expression, Tanina walked over and stood beside Qi Ao Shuang.

“Eh, this year’s freshmen?” “This girl still has a temper?” Leeds laughed, but he didn’t look at her. There were simply too many beautiful girls with personalities in this academy. They had long been immune to it. He wouldn’t stop just because the other party was a beautiful woman.

“Haha, kid, you really have luck with women.” “There’s a woman standing in front of you, shielding you from the wind.”

“Tsk tsk, not bad, hiding behind a woman for protection.”

“What a gigolo, this is the other party’s specialty.”

Humiliating words kept coming out of Leeds’ mouth. Malevolent language came out again and again. Qi Ao Shuang’s handsome face and indifferent attitude made them grind their teeth in anger.

Tanina’s eyes were on the verge of erupting. She looked at the crowd in front of her with hatred, then she looked at Xiao Ao Shuang with nervousness in her eyes. He was afraid that he would inflict psychological damage on the young man, and he was even more afraid that the young man would not be able to resist the urge to provoke him. If he were to make a move, it would be disastrous. He wouldn’t be a match at all. But what man could bear such an insult?

At this point of time, Yuna stood to one side, neither speaking nor not speaking. The situation in front of him was already like this. If she were to speak, it would only have an even greater opposite effect. What should he do? Yunia was beginning to grow anxious. Looking for a teacher? Impossible. In this place, as long as the school rules weren’t broken, the teacher wouldn’t interfere.

“Pretty boy, what’s wrong? Dummy?”

“Haha, he can only get a woman to speak up for him.”

More laughter escaped from the mouths of Leeds and the others, and they grew even happier when they saw the expression on Tanja’s face grow uglier and uglier. However, when they looked at Qi Ao Shuang, their smiles froze. Originally, in their imaginations, the red-haired kid should have been so angry that his face flushed red, wishing for death. In that case, their goal was already halfway there. When that red-haired kid could no longer endure the stimulation and gave him another ruthless lesson, they would truly be enjoying themselves. It wasn’t like they were the first to make a move. Even if they did cause a ruckus, they wouldn’t be afraid. They were very familiar with these matters.

However, the red-haired youth remained calm. Elegant as he cut the bread on his plate. Suddenly, he turned his head to look at the nearby Tanina and said softly, “Senior apprentice-sister, let’s go have a meal.” “This place is a bit dirty, I’m afraid that you don’t have any appetite.”

With these words, Tanina was stunned as she stared straight at Qi Ao Shuang. She wanted to find sadness and anger in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, but all she saw was calmness and indifference. Those people’s words had no effect on him!

He was fine? And, he, he knew his name? He actually remembered his name. Though this was not the time to ponder on this, she immediately thought of this. What’s wrong with me? Tarina suddenly realized how frantic she had been.

When she saw the look in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, her mind was completely blank. She quickly agreed, and was about to turn around and sit at the table with Yuna. Leeds, on the other hand, stepped in front of them and said with a sneer, “Ladies, why don’t you sit with us over there?” Without waiting for a reply, Leeds looked at Qi Ao Shuang in a provocative manner.

Qi Ao Shuang’s gaze turned cold. She slowly raised her head and looked at the proud looking Leeds. Leeds met Qi Ao Shuang’s gaze, full of provocation. Gradually, looking at the deep and cold eyes of Qi Ao Shuang, Leeds felt a sense of trepidation in his heart.

What kind of eyes were those? It was as deep and invisible as a cold pond, as ethereal as a cold night sky, and as terrifying as a ten thousand-year-old glacier.

Lizzie felt cold on her hands and feet, and then cold on her skin.

This feeling was as if he was being watched by a poisonous snake, causing him to tremble with fear. That’s not right! It was a suffocating feeling as if he was being stared at by the god of death and had nowhere to escape!

How could this be?!

At this moment, the smile on Leeds’ face froze, and cold sweat covered his back.

Who was this youth? Were they really only freshmen this year? Why was there such a terrifying aura?

Leeds’ companions also noticed his abnormal behavior. Someone shouted with a frown, “Kid, what did you do?”

Qi Ao Shuang retracted her gaze and looked at the others. She smiled faintly, but didn’t say anything. She only turned to the stunned Tanina and Yunia and said softly, “Senior Sister, let’s go eat.”

She nodded, and they sat at a table to one side. This time, Liz didn’t dare stop him.

“Kid, I’m asking you a question!” When the person who had asked the question saw that Qi Ao Shuang was only a freshman and had ignored his words, he couldn’t help but become angry from embarrassment and abruptly slapped his hand onto the table. This huge sound attracted the attention of many people who looked in their direction.

His instincts told him that this red-haired boy was eccentric, and that he was far from being as simple as he appeared on the surface. But now that the situation was like this, could it be that he wanted them to back down? If he did, he would lose a lot of face.

By this time, Qi Ao Shuang had finished eating, and she still ignored the hooting youth in front of her. Instead, she took the white napkin and elegantly wiped her mouth.

This action was undoubtedly a slap to the young man who was shouting. The young man was so angry that he didn’t even think about anything else before throwing a punch at Xiao Ao Shuang’s face.

Tarina and Una exclaimed, their hearts rising to their throats. The other party possessed the strength of a 6-star, while Qi Ao Shuang was just a new student who had just enrolled into the academy! How could he dodge this strike?

However, the next moment, everyone was stunned.

The youth swung his fist without any warning and was sent flying backwards. His body smashed onto the table behind him, smashing it several times before coming to a stop. He looked so miserable that he couldn’t stand up for a while.

Many people did not even see how Qi Ao Shuang did it, and how she did it.

When they came back to their senses, they saw the hooting youth fly out.

The cafeteria immediately turned silent. They were all stunned by the unbelievable scene in front of them.

Leeds and the others were always looking for trouble with the new life. Although it was repulsive, but nothing major had happened. The stronger ones couldn’t be bothered with it, and the weaker ones didn’t dare to bother with it. However, the scene today left everyone stunned. That red-haired handsome youth … He was only a mere freshman, but he was able to send a 6-star student flying. What was going on?

“You …” Qi Ao Shuang slowly stood up, looking at the stunned Leeds, and slowly said a word.

Leeds was alarmed and tense. He looked at Qi Ao Shuang and said in a threatening tone, “You!” “What do you want to do?” He didn’t even notice the trembling in his voice.

“I’m done eating, please make way.” However, Qi Ao Shuang said those words lightly.

Leeds froze, his mouth wide open, but he couldn’t say a word.

“Please move aside.” Qi Ao Shuang said in her usual calm tone, her eyes turning cold.

Liz slowly turned her stiff body away.

“Stop!” You want to leave as if nothing happened after you beat someone up? " Someone went to support the youth who was sent flying by Qi Ao Shuang as they shouted angrily at Qi Ao Shuang. In his heart, he felt extremely humiliated. This was the first time they had been beaten to such a state by a student who was weaker than them!

“Hur hur.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the person who shouted, and her face revealed a heavenly smile. These people were truly disgraceful. They were the first to be provoked, and they were the first to act. Now you want to leave after beating someone up?

For some reason, Qi Ao Shuang’s stunning smile was so cold in the eyes of Leeds and the others. It was so mesmerizing. The others were stunned when they saw this. Was this youth really a man? Was it a woman? However, the Adam’s apple in his throat clearly did not contain such a possibility. How could there be such a peerless man?

“Haha, today my horizons have really been broadened.” Suddenly, a voice filled with ridicule drifted into everyone’s ears. However, the tone was filled with disdain.

But when the Leeds team heard this voice, their bodies froze. This voice was too familiar to them. This tone was too familiar to them.

The Venomous Tongue King – Jonathan!

Strong, smiling face, venomous tongue, sunny, handsome, easygoing…

His evaluation could be said to be the most complicated.

He was a respectable man, and no one wanted to provoke him. Because he wouldn’t buy anyone’s account. Even if it was Dittos, there was no room for discussion if he was provoked. Lenny, one of the school beauties of the campus, was so angry that his face turned pale. This type of character suddenly appeared here and then suddenly said these words. What do you want to do?

A bad feeling arose in the hearts of Leeds and the others.

“This character switched really quickly.” “It is interesting to see someone being bullied and becoming a bullied person.” Jonathan’s voice came closer and closer. He slowly walked over, and everyone automatically made a path for him to come out. Jonathan’s face was full of smiles as he walked in front of Qi Ao Shuang. He looked at the group of people and sighed. Then, his expression suddenly changed. He curiously walked around Leeds and the others, and said something that almost made them spit out blood.

“Leeds, what’s going on?” How about playing the bullied side today on the spur of the moment? How do you feel? “Do you have any different insights?” Jonathan’s attitude was abnormally serious when he said this. There was no hint of irony in his words at all. It was this serious expression that made Liz and the others want to vomit blood. Play? He really could play it. Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, he did not care about his own face and cooperated with his opponent, sending him flying. Is that how you play it? Was there anyone who was so despicable? Is there anyone who deserves such a beating? Unfortunately, these words were only spoken in his heart, and he didn’t dare to shout out loud.

“Jonathan.” Leeds looked at the serious face in front of him, but he didn’t dare say anything. Because this guy was extremely dangerous.

“Heh, Qi Ao Shuang, what a coincidence, you’re here too.” Jonathan saw the look of sudden enlightenment on Qi Ao Shuang’s face. His acting talent was really quite good. He clearly saw that the main character of this farce was Qi Ao Shuang, but now he looked as if he had just seen the main character.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded in reply.

“Come on, I’ll show you around the campus.” Jonathan grinned warmly.

“No need, I’ll go by myself.” “No need,” Qi Ao Shuang replied as she walked past Jonathan and headed for the door.

“Aiya, don’t be so cold.” “I’ll take you there.” Jonathan hurried after her like a shadow.

At this moment, everyone in the cafeteria was completely silent. Was that Jonathan? Was that Jonathan, who was ranked second in the academy? To think that he would treat a freshman in such a manner, so he rushed over without even paying attention to him.

Everyone had a question in their hearts.

Who was the red-haired youth?

Leeds and the others watched Qi Ao Shuang leave, but no one dared to stop her.

Qi Ao Shuang did not even turn her head as she walked forward. Jonathan shouted from behind her, “Qi Ao Shuang, wait!”

One left, the other pursued.

Along the way, it naturally attracted the attention of many people. Many people were looking at this strange combination in good spirits. The red-haired pretty boy sprinted in the front, followed by the academy’s influential figure, Jonathan, desperately begging for his life in pursuit.

Finally, Qi Ao Shuang stopped and looked at Jonathan angrily, “What do you want?”