Volume 1

Chapter 266

Stunning Edge - C266

The woman wore a dark red tight-fitting dress. The clothes that were close to her body outlined her beautiful curves.

The towering chest seemed to be able to grasp onto a slender waist, a round and plump buttocks, and plump and round thighs.

Every single one of them caused one’s blood to spurt out. The woman could stand there and draw attention to herself. She didn’t need to do anything, didn’t need to say anything.

The pretty face, so seductive to the bone, was striking. That pair of large, flying phoenix eyes did not deliberately look at anyone, but with a slight glance, everyone felt as if she was trying to discharge her energy towards you.

The thin little mouth was sexy. People couldn’t help but want to get intimate with him. Beside her were a few other youths who were laughing. They were dressed extravagantly.

During the daytime, they had to wear their school uniforms, but during the evenings and weekends, the school didn’t have any rules.

This street had everything. Those who can do business here are not simple people. The Stellar Academy had gathered all of the experts of the chaosworld. How could any ordinary person possibly open a shop here?

The best restaurant was a restaurant called Star’s Joy, which was said to have been opened by a relative of one of the academy’s elders. Here, people who came in to dine gave the boss some face.

Here, there was no such thing as an identity. As long as you have money, you can enjoy it. The restaurant on the fifth floor naturally consumed the dishes according to the floor level. The most luxurious place was the fifth floor. The hotel’s decorations were magnificent, and the main hall in the middle was even more magnificent. Countless precious ores were used for lighting and decoration. The big round staircase was spotless and the floor was shiny. The sofas in the hall were upholstered in soft velvet. This place was indeed not a place that ordinary people could come to.

Under the guidance of the waiter, Xiao Ao Shuang and Wynes headed to the fifth floor and asked for a private room. After all, it was the first time he came to such a luxurious place.

The waiter courteously walked in front. After reaching the fifth floor, he politely asked, “May I ask which private room you two would like?”

“As you wish.” Qi Ao Shuang replied plainly.

“This way, please.” The waiter smiled and sat in an inviting position, about to lead them inside.

However, when Xiao Ao Shuang followed him, she suddenly realized that Wynes was not following after her. She turned around and saw Wynes standing there in a daze, staring down below.

“What’s wrong?” Xiao Ao Shuang stopped in confusion. She looked down Wynes’ eyes and saw a lady slowly walking up the stairs like a crowd of stars embracing the moon. That woman was so beautiful that it made people sigh in admiration. As for his stature, it was even better, even more exaggerated.

The woman wore a dark red tight-fitting dress. The clothes that were close to her body outlined her beautiful curves. The towering chest seemed to be able to grasp onto a slender waist, a round and plump buttocks, and plump and round thighs. Every single one of them caused one’s blood to spurt out. The woman could stand there and draw attention to herself. She didn’t need to do anything, didn’t need to say anything. The pretty face, so seductive to the bone, was striking. That pair of large, flying phoenix eyes did not deliberately look at anyone, but with a slight glance, everyone felt as if she was trying to discharge her energy towards you. The thin little mouth was sexy. People couldn’t help but want to get intimate with him. Beside her were a few other youths who were laughing. They were dressed extravagantly. During the daytime, they had to wear their school uniforms, but during the evenings and weekends, the school didn’t have any rules.

A few well-dressed youngsters surrounded the young girl like they were stars that surrounded the moon as they walked towards the fifth floor.

“What’s wrong?” “You know him?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the sexy lady, then at Wynes, who was still lost in thought.

Wynes didn’t seem to hear what Qi Ao Shuang said and continued staring at the sexy and pretty girl.

The girl seemed to sense Wynes’ gaze. When she saw that Wynes was wearing an unremarkable school uniform with no fancy accessories, her eyes flashed with ridicule and disdain. She then shifted her gaze away.

Wynes came back to his senses, rubbing his nose embarrassedly before turning to Qi Aushuang and saying, “Qi Aushuang, let’s go.”

“You know that man?” Qi Ao Shuang and Wynes turned around and left. Qi Ao Shuang asked them on the way.

Wynes, on the other hand, had a self-mocking smile on his face as he said in a low voice, “How is that possible?” I know her, but she doesn’t know me. "

“Oh?” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“That’s one of the school beauties of the academy, Bethany.” When Wynes said this, a hint of emotion flashed in his eyes.

Ah? Bethany? Wasn’t he the one who nearly made him become Dou’e’s second generation? Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. She sighed in her heart as she recalled the appearance and figure of the woman from before. [It’s a rare thing in this world!] For such a woman, her existence was a dazzling halo. Ashlin was really poisonous. The flower protectors by Bethany’s side seemed to be a bunch of brainless fans. If they really did start a fight, he would definitely find it hard to argue with them. Thinking of this, Xiao Ao Shuang’s eyes became cold. Ashlin, don’t try to provoke yourself any more. If there had been one, it wouldn’t have been a tooth loss.

In the private room, Qi Ao Shuang ordered some dishes and then ordered some sweet wine. After returning the menu to the waiter, he turned around to find that Wynes was still in a daze.

“Wynes, you don’t like Bethany, do you?” Suddenly, Xiao Ao Shuang’s words startled Wynes so much that he almost jumped up.

“You, you, don’t talk nonsense, I, I don’t have it.” Wynes waved his hands, but his face was red.

It was self-confessed without fighting!

The corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth twitched, she never thought that this thin and weak silent fella would actually like hot and sexy women like that, she really couldn’t tell. Wynes was such a sullen man. Heavy tastes, heavy tastes ~ ~

“Don’t talk nonsense.” She was the daughter of the Jade City’s City Governor. “I, I don’t even dare to think about it.” When Wynes said this, there was a flash of unreadable sadness in his eyes.

“Tch!” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Wynes with disdain. This fellow, although he said he did not dare to think about it, he had actually thought about it countless times. Otherwise, he would have been looking and looking.

Wynes saw the look of disdain on Qi Ao Shuang’s face. He let out a long sigh and tried to explain something, but nothing came out.

After a while, the door was gently knocked on, and exquisite dishes began to be served.

One of the dishes, Brightmoon Heart, was a small red dot in the middle of a snow-white circle. The style was simple, but the taste was not bad. While Xiao Ao Shuang was tasting the dish, Wynes saw that the dish called Brightmoon Heart did not move at all.

“What’s wrong?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked casually.

“This dish…” Wynes looked at the dish, but could not bring himself to finish. He just stared at the dish in a daze.

“What’s different?” Hsiao Hsuo - shuang sensed the strangeness of Wynes.

“This dish reminds me of when I was young.” I liked a kind of pastry when I was a kid, that’s all. “White, red in the middle.” Wynes smiled embarrassedly and said softly.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned. Wynes once mentioned his ancestry. He was an illegitimate child. In this world, illegitimate children are despised. The pastry, I’m afraid, was a rare memory of Wynes’s youth.

Qi Ao Shuang paused for a moment before turning around and ordering the waiter to serve some more of this dish. Since the ingredients had to be fresh, there were only five more dishes left. The waiter then turned around to explain.

Wynes waved his hand hastily, “Don’t waste it, Qi Ao Shuang. Thank you for your kind intentions.” “But there’s no need to waste it like this.”

“I can pack it back.” However, Qi Ao Shuang replied with a faint smile.

Wynes smiled bitterly and continued to nag at the dish, but his eyes did not leave it. His eyes gradually became gentle, as if he could see into the distant past through that dish. Qi Ao Shuang did not disturb him, but continued eating silently.

At this time, there was a ruckus outside the door.

“How come there’s no more of this dish, Brightmoon Heart?” “How do you do business in a restaurant like this?” The voice outside the door seemed annoyed.

Then came the voice of the waiter apologizing and explaining.

“Who would be so annoying to actually light up the remaining Brightmoon.” How do you do business? “Don’t you know that Miss Bethany always comes to order this dish?” The furious voice was not suppressed by the waiter’s explanation. Instead, it asked in an even more furious tone.

His voice travelled to the private room where Xiao Ao Shuang and the rest were. When Wynes heard these words, his body trembled. He raised his head and looked outside. His lips trembled slightly, but he could not say a word.

“What’s wrong?” Xiao Ao Shuang thought in her heart, this Wynes is not normal for one night. He hasn’t been normal since that Bethany showed up.

“Who ordered it?” “Let’s negotiate and make way.” The other voice was also a little angry, but it was not as irritable as the previous one.

It seemed that the waiter had pointed out the location of the private room, and soon, footsteps could be heard coming from that direction. There was a knock at the half-open door, and Wynes almost jumped.

“Excuse me, have the two of you finished counting the hearts of Mingyue?” The youth that stood at the door lightly pushed it open and asked politely.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded and said lightly: “Yes.”

“Then, can you two give us a share?” I am very grateful. My friend was very fond of that dish. " Although the youth was dressed extravagantly, he didn’t use money to oppress others. He could tell that even though Qi Ao Shuang was wearing a school uniform, the noble aura radiating from her was not something that ordinary commoners could possess. Moreover, the two purple earrings on his ears shone with an extraordinary luster. It was obvious that they were not ordinary. This kind of person wouldn’t be short on money. If he used money to pressure others, it would only be counterproductive. On the other hand, there was a thin and weak looking person who looked like a commoner. I don’t know how these two very different people got together.

Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly, but before she could say anything, Wynes stood up and said excitedly, “Yes, is it because Bethany likes this dish?”

The youngster at the door gave Wynes a dissatisfied look, then let out a cold snort. “It’s because Miss Bethany likes it.” He looked at Wynes with disdain and annoyance.

“Then, then let’s have one.” Wynes seemed to realize his mistake and sat down.

“Thank you very much.” The corner of the youth’s mouth curved into a mocking smile. He turned around and was about to leave, but then muttered in a low voice, “A toad wants to eat swan meat, why don’t you look at your own character?”

It was not loud, but Wynes heard it. Wynes’ face turned pale. His eyes dimmed. He bit his lips and couldn’t say a word.

Just as the youth was about to leave, Qi Ao Shuang’s cold voice came from behind him, “Wait!” Who said I agreed to transfer it to you? "

At the same time, the expression of Wynes and the young man at the door changed.