Volume 1

Chapter 265

Stunning Edge - C265

“Eh, what are you doing?” “What are all of you seniors doing hiding here?” A small head poked out from the corner of the wall behind Xiao Ao Shuang, a pure and flawless lovely smile on her beautiful face.

It was a very pure and naive smile, making people’s hearts tremble. It made people forget their original intentions in an instant. The group of people were stunned.

When Xiao Ao Shuang heard this voice, his heart tightened. Of course she knew who the owner of this voice was. It was the demi-human girl who had been pretending to be innocent by the lake that day. At this point of time, Xiao Ao Shuang did not think that it was a coincidence. Could it be that she was looking for me just now?

“Pa.” Parina, why are you here? " The youths who were about to make their moves all stopped when they saw the young girl. Instead, they asked her these words with some hesitation. His tone was complicated. There was hesitation, pity, and reluctance to please.

“Senior, what are you guys doing here?” “Are you playing?” Parina’s clear eyes widened, and she seemed curious to see what was going on. Her pretty face was slightly pink, but it looked even more enticing. Her long eyelashes blinked and her small red lips slightly pursed. She looked so adorable.

“Oh, nothing.” Parina, don’t come over. " Surprisingly, Ashlin was a little nervous, he turned around and shouted at those people, “Let’s go, hurry up and carry me away.”

Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows and saw the group of people carrying Ashlin running away in a panic. Qi Ao Shuang did not stop him. Making a scene in the academy was not good for her, nor was it good for Wynes. There must be a reason why Wynes had been coerced into keeping his tongue. If he acted rashly, it might also embarrass Wynes. It turned out that Qi Ao Shuang’s guess was right. Wynes did have his own difficulties.

“Eh, they left.” You two are freshmen, right? “What are you doing here?” Parina walked up to them with a light heart. She tilted her head to look at Qi Ao Shuang and Wynes. Her eyes were wide open as she asked. Her sweet voice had an indescribable charm to it.

Xiao Ao Shuang snorted coldly and ignored Parina. She walked forward to support Wynes.

“Junior brother, how are you injured? Are you alright?” Seeing that Qi Ao Shuang ignored her, she secretly bit her lips in displeasure. Then, her face returned to that innocent and pure look from before, she went up to ask Waines.

“No, it’s fine.” “Thank you for your concern, senior sister.” Wynes took a deep breath and nodded politely.

“Oh, what’s your name?” Is this redhead your friend? “What are they called?” Parina and Wynes looked at each other. The expression in their eyes suddenly became very gentle, as if there was an unspeakable gravitational force. Staring straight at Wynes, his tone became very gentle, “I’m called Parina.” “What about you?”

“My name is Wynes, and this is my roommate, Qi Ao Shuang…” Wynes murmured, looking at the expression in Parina’s eyes.

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and turned around to look at Parina. Suddenly, he snorted coldly.

Parina immediately felt a formless, sharp aura pounce on her, shaking her to the point that she was completely exhausted. She even took a step back. As for his chest, it was stuffy and he almost couldn’t breathe. The fascination in Parina’s eyes was gone, replaced by astonishment, but there was no fear.

Qi Ao Shuang did not look at Parina again. She helped Wynes to get up and slowly walked back.

Parina didn’t say anything to stop him. Instead, she stood where she was and watched Qi Ao Shuang’s back. A crafty smile appeared on her face. After the figures of Qi Ao Shuang and Wynes disappeared, Parina muttered to herself, “Qi Ao Shuang?” Hehe, we finally know your name. “Stupid boy, wait to be my captive.” Parina smoothed the hair by her ear, but her eyes were heavy. Just now, he was actually able to interrupt his charm, and almost injured himself. Hmmm, interesting.

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything as she supported Wynes towards the dorm. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …. On the contrary, Wynes felt a bit nervous.

After returning to the dormitory, Xiao Ao Shuang brought some hot water and placed it on the table. Then he sat by the side without saying anything else. He just looked at Wynes in silence.

Wynes took a towel to wash his wounds and applied the medicine. After doing all this, he said in a low voice, “Sorry, I don’t know what happened just now, so I told that person your name.”

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned, but then she sighed bitterly in her heart. This Wynes, what a good man!

“You don’t have to mind, that woman just now used her charm on you, that’s why you lost your composure.” Xiao Aushuang said solemnly, “What I want to ask is why you did that?” After Xiao Ao Shuang said this, she looked at the wounds on Wynes and fell silent. Ever since Qi Ao Shuang learned the truth behind this matter, she had a good impression of this young man in front of her. Although he was a bit pedantic, he was a person with his own principles. He would rather be injured and humiliated than do something to frame him. He was just a freshman, yet he didn’t cower in the face of those students with 6-star strength.

Astonishment flashed across Wynes’s face when he heard Xiao Ao Shuang’s explanation. He then thought for a moment, as if he was recalling how Parina had used her Charm on him back then.

Qi Ao Shuang did not speak again, just waiting silently for Wynes’ next words.

“I won’t do anything that goes against my principles.” Wynes suddenly said in a low voice. Of course, he was referring to the people who had tried to force him to frame Qi Ao Shuang. After a pause Wynes added, “Absolutely not, even if it cost me my life.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the abnormally serious Wynes, looked at his thin and weak body, then looked at the determination in his eyes. Suddenly, Qi Ao Shuang smiled. She stood up and walked to Wynes, clapping him on the shoulder as she said, “Everyone has their own principles.” I’ve made up my mind, you friend. "

Wynes was stunned. Suddenly, something flashed in his eyes. This was the first time someone had said that they were willing to be friends with him! All those people had ever said to themselves were disdainful, contemptuous, and malicious sarcastic words. And this time, this red-haired arrogant youth actually said that he wanted to befriend him.

“What’s wrong?” “It hurts?” Only then did Qi Ao Shuang remember that she had slapped a person who seemed to be injured.

“No, no.” “No.” Wynes quickly shook his head, looked up at Xiao Ao Shuang and said, “You, are you really willing to be my friend?”

“That’s right.” Qi Ao Shuang replied as if it was a matter of course.

“Even if you knew about my background, would you still know?” Wynes suddenly felt nervous.

“Origin?” “I’m not friends with your ancestry, I’m friends with you.” Looking at the nervous expression on Wynes’ face, Xiao Ao Shuang could not help but guess in her heart. Wynes’ birth seemed to be a thorn in his heart.

“Even if, even if, I, I am an illegitimate child …” Wynes looked at the young man in front of him and made up his mind. Long pain is better than short pain. If the youth in front of him had really become friends with him and found out that he had been repulsed by him, he might as well know the situation now.

As soon as Wynes said this, he looked at Xiao Ao Shuang nervously, feeling very nervous.

“Hur hur, so what if he is an illegitimate child?” Your mind is strange. Can’t illegitimate children make friends? " Qi Ao Shuang frowned and asked in surprise.

Wynes looked at the expression in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, but he only saw that there was a clear look in his eyes. There was only sincerity in them, and there was no hint of falsehood in them.

“Thank you, thank you …” Wynes’ lips trembled slightly as he spoke with excitement.

“Haha, alright.” Xiao Aushuang smiled, “I should be the one thanking you.” You’d rather be beaten to a pig’s head than set me up. What did those people tell you to hide in my closet? " From the moment Wynes would rather be beaten into a pig’s head than frame Qi Ao Shuang, he had already won the friendship of Qi Ao Shuang.

After Xiao Ao Shuang asked this question, Wynes’ expression turned strange. He blinked his eyes, wanting to say something but then hesitated.

“What is it?” Looking at Wynes’ attitude, Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Yes, yes…” “It’s a girl’s underwear.”

“Rumble ~ ~ ~”

Xiao Ao Shuang was burnt to ashes by Lei.

A woman’s underwear, hidden in his own cabinet, is framing me as a pervert?

This, this.

Isn’t that a bit too much?

“It’s also the school belle Bethany’s underwear.” Wynes’s face turned red and he said in a low voice, “Those people stole it.” Trying to frame you. “Make you a public enemy.”

Xiao Ao Shuang’s mouth twitched. At this moment, he felt even more grateful to Wynes. What kind of joke was this! Stealing a woman’s underwear, and it was a school beauty! This would definitely make him the public enemy of the youths of the school! The most important thing was that this matter had happened to him. It had all happened to him in June, and it had all happened to him! He couldn’t be more wronged! … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

Not bad, not bad. Xiao Ao Shuang’s forehead was covered in cold sweat. Right now, the more he looked at this thin kid, the more pleasing he looked to his eyes. Thanks to him, he didn’t make himself the second generation of Dou’e.

Imagine if those girls were pointing at their noses and screaming, “Scoundrel!”

Just thinking about it sent chills down her spine.

“Kid, you’ve done too well.” Very good. " In his excitement, Xiao Ao Shuang patted on Wynes’ injured shoulder again, causing him to grimace in pain.

Wynes bared his teeth, too painful to say anything.

"By the way, Wynes, you won’t have much contact with that Parina today. “She is a demi-human and is very skilled in Charm.” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly remembered the young lady with a pure and innocent appearance, but she was not simple at all. Judging from the attitude of Ashlin’s group towards her, this young girl was definitely not a simple person in this academy.

“En, alright.” “When I see her, I’ll turn around and walk away.” Wynes nodded seriously and agreed.

"You’ve bled so much, for all you’ve suffered. “I’ll take you to dinner.” Qi Ao Shuang said to Wynes with a smile.

“A feast?” Wynes wondered.

“Isn’t there a street over at the academy? Is there a best hotel?” Qi Ao Shuang said.

“But, but it’s expensive!” Wynes immediately looked alarmed.

“I have a lot of money.” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly looked like an upstart, pulling out a few crystal cards and laughing out loud, looking as vulgar as possible.

Wynes broke out in a cold sweat.

In the evening, they went to the best hotel on the street. Unexpectedly, they ran into the party involved in the matter that almost happened there. The other school belle was called Bethany.