Volume 1

Chapter 270

Stunning Edge - C270

Qi Ao Shuang stared indifferently at the two young men in front of her. The two young men were already wearing their school uniforms, and the seven small golden stars on their chests showed that they had the strength of seven stars.

The two of them met up with Qi Aoshuang, and they were finally able to see her clearly. They all opened their mouths in surprise. “It’s you?”

“It’s me, so you should know very well that I won’t change it.” Qi Ao Shuang threw out a few words, and continued walking past the two people. Vast Sky squatted on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder and reluctantly looked at Bethany.

“Let’s talk about it later, maybe …” One of them said, unwilling to give up.

“Alright, it’s fine if the other party isn’t willing, but I didn’t say that I have to.” Bethany’s voice came faintly.

The people behind stopped their pursuit, but Qi Ao Shuang could feel two pairs of burning eyes staring at her from behind. Needless to say, they were the two so-called flower protectors. He had swept them with his gaze twice in front of that beautiful Beelzefini, while he himself was a new student. In his heart, he probably wanted to teach him a lesson. Although this Bethany was a little arrogant, she wouldn’t be so unreasonable as to pester him. Qi Ao Shuang’s evaluation of this Bethany was slightly better.

Xiao Aushuang knew clearly in her heart that this matter would not end so easily. The two youths would definitely find an opportunity to cause trouble for him. However, Qi Ao Shuang was too lazy to care about that right now and quickly walked forward. If these two came looking for him, he wouldn’t blame himself for being impolite. When she could no longer feel the aura of the people behind her, Xiao Ao Shuang squatted on her shoulders, looking at the sky and tearing it apart.

“What?” “For what?” The sky was struggling with its four limbs.

“Don’t cause any more trouble for me. Begin now, let me in.” Xiao Ao Shuang said fiercely to the sky.

“No need…” Chang Bai said pitifully.

“Get in!” Qi Ao Shuang’s face was fierce, there was no room for discussion.

“If you go in, you go in. If there’s a beauty, I can see it too.” “Anyway, your body can be considered my home. I will go home and rest for a while.” The corners of Chang’s mouth twitched as he broke free from Qi Ao Shuang’s grasp and threw himself into Qi Ao Shuang’s arms. In the blink of an eye, he disappeared from the air and returned to Qi Ao Shuang’s body.

As soon as the sky entered her body, her entire body was enveloped in an indescribable feeling of mystery. His physical and mental fatigue disappeared at this moment. Previously, when Qi Ao Shuang met up with the sky, she had spent an entire day and night without resting. She was a little tired. But now that the Wind Source had entered his body, the fatigue completely disappeared. The Origin of Wind was indeed a good item.

Without too much trouble, Qi Ao Shuang easily found the entrance to the third layer and drilled into it. What appeared before her eyes was a boundless desert. The yellow sand that filled the sky crazily danced about, looking as if it was trying to dazzle people’s eyes. Where was the exit to this level?

“Qi Ao Shuang, I’m going to sleep first. If there’s a beauty, remember to call me.” Vast Sky’s voice rang in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind.

Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth twitched, this little pervert! He still couldn’t forget about the beautiful lady even when he was about to rest.

Sand and sand flew all over the sky, some of them swirling and rolling all the way. However, when Qi Aushuang stepped into the desert, it was as if the yellow sand had grown eyes, as it blew past her body to the side. Actually, it was not that the sand had eyes, but the wind blowing the sand around Qi Ao Shuang. As he continued to walk forward, he saw some students who had entered the desert earlier. Many of them were wearing heavy cloaks, tightly wrapping themselves in them as they walked forward. There were also people like Qi Ao Shuang who did not take any action. They were all relatively strong. Of course, they belonged to the minority.

Just as Xiao Ao Shuang was wondering which direction the exit would go, an unfamiliar voice came from behind him, “Hey, Xiao Ao Shuang, are you guessing where the exit to this level is?” You certainly don’t know. I’ll take you. "

Xiao Ao Shuang turned around with some suspicion. This voice was unfamiliar to her and she had never heard it before. However, the other party actually called her by her name. Who was this person?

When Qi Aushuang turned to look into the eyes of that person, the corners of her mouth twitched, and she quickly turned to leave.

“Qi Ao Shuang, wait for me!” “Do you really have the heart to abandon a weak girl like me in such a dangerous place?” The petite girl took a big step forward and grabbed onto the hem of Qi Ao Shuang’s robe. This woman was none other than Parina, dressed up as she was. His voice had changed and his appearance had changed, but he couldn’t conceal the charm in his eyes.

Qi Ao Shuang’s face darkened, she turned her head and said coldly, “Let go!”

“I won’t let it go!” I want to go with you. " She seemed to be trying to conceal her identity so that no one would know that she could pass the second floor and above trials. It seemed that she was still planning to conceal her strength and become a 2-star student.

“Aiya, beauty, she’s a beauty!” Suddenly, the sky abruptly emerged from Qi Ao Shuang’s embrace. The snow-white Little Marten hopped onto Parina’s shoulder and cried out.

Xiao Ao Shuang was speechless, knowing that this was going to be troublesome.

“Damn!” “Qi Ao Shuang, even if you have a pretty girl, I still won’t call you Young Master. Didn’t I say just now that if there’s a pretty girl, remember to call me.” The sky danced on Parina’s shoulders, scolding Qi Aushuang with dissatisfaction. His eyeballs were rolling, “Beautiful girl, you are definitely a beauty, but why are you hiding your appearance?”

Parina was stunned, still in a daze. He turned his head and looked at the small snow-white small marten on his shoulder. After a long while, he recovered his senses and asked in a strange manner, “This, this is your pet?” Spirit beast? “You can talk?”

“Yes.” Xiao Ao Shuang replied with a sullen face before reaching out to grab the sky.

“Beautiful girl, what’s your name?” Come with us if you don’t mind. “Although my attitude as a follower is a little rough, but my strength is actually not bad. I can definitely protect you.” In the hands of Qi Ao Shuang, the tail of Chang Kong hung in the air as he spoke shamelessly.

“Okay, okay.” Parina couldn’t wait to hear those words and quickly agreed happily.

“Who did you say is your follower?” “Who asked you to agree?” When Xiao Ao Shuang heard this, she was filled with anger. She grabbed onto the tail of Chang Kong and started shaking it with all her might, making it seem as if the entire sky was covered with mud.

“I, I was wrong. I am your follower.” The stars in the sky twinkled in his eyes as he hurriedly begged for mercy, “You’re the old man, you’re the old man!” “Then can this beauty come with us now?” A wise man does not take advantage of the odds, and this beauty seems to be here for Qi Ao Shuang, it is better to curry favor with her first.

Qi Ao Shuang was angry! What sort of source of wind was this! Just as Xiao Ao Shuang was about to explode, the voice of the Source of Wind sounded in her mind, “Little Qi Qi, don’t be angry.” “I only have this one hobby. It’s only this one hobby. Satisfy me ~ ~ ~ I will definitely do my best to assist you in your cultivation.”

Qi Ao Shuang was so angry that she almost vomited blood. This little brat, he actually knows how to seduce people. Was this really the origin of the wind? He only had this one hobby! When you see a beautiful woman, forget about the north, south, and west!

“Take me with you. I won’t cause you any trouble, and I know the way.” Seeing Qi Ao Shuang’s uncertain expression, Parina knew that Little Marten was probably speaking up for her.

“Let’s go.” Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and said coldly before turning around and walking away.

“Little Qi Qi ~ ~” Chang Kong spat out those two words pitifully, his tail still in Qi Ao Shuang’s hands.

“Tch!” Qi Ao Shuang felt goosebumps all over her body after being called by Xiao Qi. Of course, she knew what he was thinking. With a flip of his hand, he tossed the sky behind him. Parina reached out to catch the air.

“Beautiful sister ~ ~” Chang Kong quickly hid in her embrace.

“Be good ~” Parina rubbed her little head, but her eyes never left Xiao Ao Shuang’s back. The sky looked up and saw the smug smile on Parina’s face. A sense of foreboding welled up in his heart. Why did he feel that this beautiful sister was a little dangerous? Why did she look like a hunter looking at his prey? Furthermore, she seemed to be very hungry …

“Qi Ao Shuang, keep walking to the west and you will see the mirage. The mirage will not be far from the exit.” Parina said as she caught up to Qi Ao Shuang and walked side by side.

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything, and continued to walk forward silently.

“Qi Ao Shuang, why did you want to come to the Star Academy?” “Is it also to stand out?” Parina jabbered.

Qi Ao Shuang’s expression was still cold.

“Qi Ao Shuang, your name seems to be that of a woman.” “How old are you?” Parina did not give up and continued to ask.

The wind whistled in response to Parina.

Parina pursed her lips, wondering why she was being so cool and not saying a word.

The sky narrowed, and Parina hugged him contentedly. Feeling the softness on her chest, she was so happy that she was about to faint.

He kept walking west until he saw the mirage floating in the sky in the distance. It was a small oasis, surrounded by plants.

“Go to Mirage and you’ll reach a dune with a hole through which you can reach the exit.” Parina explained from the side.

However, Qi Ao Shuang remained silent.

“Hey, you don’t even ask what’s in that hole?” “Could it be dangerous or something?” After speaking for so long, she didn’t hear any response from Qi Ao Shuang, and instead, she pressed on discontentedly.

“If there’s no danger, it’s not called a trial. It’s called sightseeing tourism.” Qi Ao Shuang replied faintly, her eyes wide open in disbelief. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

“You damn boy, that cave is actually a maze. There’s a type of bug in it.” “Worms can spit acid, and anything can corrode.” Parina said angrily, “I really want to tell you, how can you have such an attitude!”

“Even if you don’t tell me, I can still safely pass.” Qi Ao Shuang looked ahead, her eyes shining with determination. What’s there to be afraid of? This was only the third floor. He had to pass these trials.

“You!” Parina stomped her feet and angrily followed. This guy’s personality was really stinky and stubborn. With such confidence, she wanted to see just how far this freshman could go! However, where did the strong confidence in this fellow’s eyes come from? Was he really that strong?

The wind blew past, blowing Qi Ao Shuang’s hair, but the wild sand completely bypassed Qi Ao Shuang. Looking at Qi Ao Shuang’s figure, the wind blowing his hair, and the beautiful purple earring on his earlobe, Parina couldn’t help but be stunned.

“Qi Ao Shuang, the earrings on your ears are so pretty.” You’re a man, why are you wearing earrings? " Parina caught up to him and stared at the earrings on Qi Ao Shuang’s ear. With her eyes wide open, she said, “What earrings does a man wear? Why don’t you give it to me?”

Parina tilted her head to the side and looked at Qi Ao Shuang. In the next moment, her originally cold face darkened. She turned around to look at Parina, her eyes ice-cold. It was clearly a hot desert, but Parina felt as if she had been in a glacier for ten thousand years. Her entire body was incomparably cold, and a wordless pressure enveloped her entire body, causing cold sweat to slowly break out on her back. And this terrifying pressure came from Qi Ao Shuang.

“What, what are you trying to do?” Parina asked in panic.

“You’d better not mention this earring again, and you better not think about it.” Qi Ao Shuang’s face was frosty, and her voice did not sound warm at all. After saying this, Qi Ao Shuang no longer paid attention to Parina and strode forward.

Parina stared at Xiao Ao Shuang’s back for a while before coming back to her senses. His back was drenched in cold sweat.

“What?” Wasn’t it just two broken earrings? “I don’t even care about it, why are you being so fierce!” Parina stomped her feet angrily and snorted coldly.

“Beautiful sister, those two earrings should be very important to Qi Ao Shuang.” At this moment, the skies weakly spoke out. He was also shocked. Earlier, Qi Ao Shuang’s aura was so violent, as if she could tear someone into a thousand pieces in the next moment. What a terrifying feeling.

“I can see it too, hmph.” Parina pursed her lips and said unhappily, “I don’t know. You wouldn’t have said that before.” “Really, what’s so fierce about it?”

“Alright, beautiful sister, let’s hurry up and chase after her. We’ll lose her later.” Chang sighed.

“Yes.” “Let’s give it to him in the future!” Parina clenched her teeth and snorted. She thought to herself, “I’ll slowly torture him after capturing this guy’s heart!” Tell him to turn west and to stop!

As she had said, he saw the dune and the cave. Even if Parina didn’t say anything, Qi Ao Shuang could tell that this was the entrance to the next level. This was because at this time, there were already students walking inside.

He had already entered the cave, and a cold aura assaulted him. The heat was gone in an instant, but there was still a fishy smell coming from the cave, mixed with some strange, soft sounds. Naturally, those students with high cultivation could hear it. Those with low cultivation realm might find it difficult to listen to it.

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned slightly, thinking about the insect that spat out acid earlier that Parina said. It was likely that these soft sounds were the result of the worms squirming.

This cave was indeed a maze, leading in all directions, easily stunning people.

“Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, follow me. I’ll lead you out. Be careful not to get lost.” Parina caught up to him and whispered to him.

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything. Instead, she narrowed her eyes as she looked at the messy cave in front of her. Suddenly, he closed his eyes gently.

“What are you doing?” Parina asked, frowning.

“He seems to be sensing the structure of this cave.” Chang Bai replied weakly.

“How is that possible?” Parina asked sharply.

The sky fell silent. He didn’t tell Parina that Qi Ao Shuang understood the language of the wind. He was feeling the structure of the cave through the slight breeze, searching for the shortest route through the maze of the cave.

After a while, Xiao Ao Shuang opened her eyes, and without any hesitation, she started walking to the left.

“Hey, hey!” Wrong, we should go this way! “This way is the right way!” Seeing that Xiao Ao Shuang was walking in that direction, she hurriedly called out to her.

Xiao Ao Shuang ignored him and continued walking forward. Only a cold back view of Parina.

“Hmph!” Stinky brat! “Let’s see how I’ll wash you when you turn around later on!” Parina huffed angrily as she followed after him. In her heart, she was thinking about how she should mock this cold-hearted hateful fellow if she were to take the wrong turn later on.

To her surprise, though. Qi Ao Shuang did not hesitate at all. No matter how many forks in the road appeared, Qi Ao Shuang would immediately pick a path and continue walking forward. Along the way, they met a few bugs that were easily taken care of by Qi Ao Shuang.

The doubt in Parina’s heart grew. Why did it feel like Qi Ao Shuang was so familiar with him? Wasn’t this his first time here? That’s impossible!

When Qi Aushuang saw that Parina had walked out of the cave into the sunlight, her jaw dropped in shock and she couldn’t say a word.

So fast! He had actually walked out of this maze so quickly. The route she knew would take at least one day! However, it only took Xiao Aushuang two hours to walk out. How could this be?

Walking out of the cave, what appeared in front of Qi Ao Shuang was a small forest.

"Behind this little forest is the exit. Qi Ao Shuang, how did you do it? Do you know there are a lot of people trapped in this labyrinth who won’t be able to get out for days and nights? Some people were even trapped inside. “How did you find the exit so quickly?” Parina was extremely surprised as she kept asking Xiao Aoshuang questions, wanting to know the answer.

It was no wonder that she was surprised. This maze of caves was indeed a headache. It was a huge and complicated place, and there were even dangerous creatures inside. Even if he had been here a few times, he might not have remembered the way he came. However, it only took Qi Ao Shuang two hours to find the shortest way out. Furthermore, this was the first time Qi Ao Shuang had come here, and he was a new student!

“Rest, let’s set off tomorrow.” After saying that, Xiao Ao Shuang walked into the forest, took out a tent from her space ring and began to set up her tent.

Parina stared at Xiao Ao Shuang’s back in a daze. Who exactly was this youth who seemed to be covered in mysteries?

“Beautiful sister ~ ~ Are you hungry?” The sky jumped down, jumping towards Qi Aushuang, “Little Qi Qi, bring me something to eat.” “Beautiful sister must be hungry.”

“Eat what’s inside and outside.” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at the food in the sky and snorted coldly.

"We have to take pity on the fairer sex! “Little Qi Qi, I really don’t understand. You’re so cold, which beauty would fall for you in the future?” “Beautiful sister, don’t mind this rotten wood. In the future, no woman will like him.” “Let’s eat.”

Xiao Ao Shuang glared coldly at the sky, not paying any attention to him. This little pervert was really looking for a beating.

Parina sat down next to him, smiling as she accepted the food that was pushed over by Zhangkong. His heart was also filled with sorrow. This guy, he just needed to know how to take pity on the fairer sex. Hmph, I’d like to see if there will be a blind woman who likes such a guy in the future! It would be difficult to make this fellow fall for him. However, the more difficult it was, the more he liked it. He had to capture this fellow!

Thinking of this, she felt better. He began to eat the food given to him by the sky. While Chang was talking, he tried to lighten the relationship between Parina and Qi Ao Shuang.

“Sleep.” After finishing his meal, Xiao Ao Shuang grabbed hold of the empty space where she was still trying to curry favour with Parina and went straight into the tent.

Parina froze as Qi Ao Shuang and Zhangkong entered the tent. It was only a single tent. She sat alone outside the tent. Xiao Ao Shuang did not even bother to ask where she was sleeping, and just crawled in by herself.

“I’m going to sleep with my beautiful sister …” Oh, ah! “Ah ~ ~” The struggling in the air finally turned into miserable cries. Clearly, they had been repaired.

“Qi Ao Shuang, Qi Ao Shuang ~ ~ Qi Ao Shuang ~ ~ ~ One day, I will make you obey my orders!” “You loathsome fellow!” Parina gritted her teeth as she watched the tent squeeze out a few words from between her teeth. For the first time, Parina was treated like this. [I can’t believe this bastard doesn’t care about me!]

Parina angrily started setting up her own tent, but in her heart, she cursed Qi Ao Shuang a lot.

Qi Ao Shuang sat cross-legged in the tent quietly, forcibly letting the little pervert Chang Kong enter her body. With the help of the Source of Wind, she began to comprehend the power of the wind in the world.

He must break through as soon as possible.

Broken Space …

Feng Yixuan …

Leng Lingyun …

Qi Ao Shuang closed her eyes, completely immersed in a mysterious feeling.

In the morning, Parina had already woken up, but still did not see Qi Ao Shuang walk out of the tent.

“Damn it, you hateful fellow!” Parina sat beside him and waited.

However, he hadn’t thought that he would have to wait for three days.

For three whole days, Qi Ao Shuang did not come out of her tent. There were several times when Parina wanted to call out to Qi Ao Shuang, but every time she walked in front of Qi Ao Shuang’s tent, she was blocked by an invisible wind and was unable to take even half a step forward.

Parina understood that Qi Ao Shuang was probably cultivating, so she didn’t disturb her and just waited silently.

On the morning of the fourth day, someone entered the forest and walked in their direction.

Parina frowned and vigilantly looked in the direction that someone was walking towards. At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang finally made a move on her tent. Xiao Ao Shuang slowly walked out from within.

He met up with the people who had just arrived.

The person walking towards them was Tanja. There were a few other people with her, and besides Yuna, there were two men. The two men were both 6-star experts.

For a moment, the people on both sides looked at each other. Staring at Qi Ao Shuang, she was stunned.