Volume 1

Chapter 278

Stunning Edge - C278

“Who are you?” Xiao Ao Shuang stood on the spot with a frown and asked in a deep voice.

“Go back. You still can’t enter the ninth floor.” However, the voice did not answer Qi Ao Shuang’s question. Instead, it continued to persuade Qi Ao Shuang to leave.

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and walked towards the entrance. However, an invisible force gently pushed her away, causing her to be unable to take even half a step forward.

Qi Ao Shuang tried several times but the result was the same. He finally gave up on the idea of moving forward. Although the owner of this voice stopped him from moving forward, one thing was certain, this person didn’t have any malice towards him. At this point, Xiao Ao Shuang understood and prepared to leave.

“Who are you?” Before he left, Xiao Ao Shuang asked.

“You will naturally know in the future. You can go now.” That clear voice rang out once more, but he still did not appear.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded, took out the scroll and tore it open. A white light flashed, and Qi Ao Shuang’s body slowly disappeared.

After Xiao Ao Shuang left, a man dressed in white appeared on the spot. He stood there silently, his supple hair flying gently in the air, his delicate face carrying a hint of sadness. His eyes were closed, and he let out an almost inaudible sigh before disappearing immediately.

By the time Qi Aushuang reached the outside of the Heavenly Pagoda, there was already a mentor waiting there to assist her.

“Eight stars.” The instructor reported Qi Ao Shuang’s result in shock, and after saying that, he looked at her speechless for a long time. Freshman, this student is a Freshman. To think that he would be able to reach 8-star on his first attempt at participating in the Trial!

After registering his information and receiving his Star Emblem, Xiao Ao Shuang turned around and left. She had been wondering in her heart who was the last person to hear this voice. Who exactly was that man?

When Xiao Ao Shuang returned to her dorm room, she found that there was no one there. Clearly, Wynes was not back yet. This trial lasted for a full month, and after it was completed, he still had to participate in the competition. That was two months after the end of the exam. The reason for this arrangement was because some students would inevitably be injured during the exam. These two months were to allow the students ample time to prepare.

During these three months of training and preparation time, there was no need to attend class. Naturally, the students who came out earlier would be more relaxed. Qi Ao Shuang spent the whole day in the library or cultivating alone in her dorm. Until he met Jonathan in the cafeteria at dinner one day.

Xiao Aushuang was alone in a corner eating a meal quietly, a tray placed in front of her. Qi Ao Shuang raised her head and saw the smiling Jonathan.

“Hehe, I thought I’d never see you again.” Jonathan sat opposite Qi Ao Shuang with a big grin on his face.

Qi Ao Shuang remained silent, only taking a sip of the soup.

“Speaking of which, I’m very curious. You seem to be fine after going to the ninth floor?” Jonathan ate his food and stared at Qi Ao Shuang with wide eyes.

“I didn’t go.” Qi Ao Shuang said lightly.

“Oh.” No wonder. No wonder. It’s not a place we can go now. “Last time, I almost died standing at the entrance.” Jonathan still had lingering fears on his face when he spoke, “The ninth and eighth level are two completely different things.” “Even though there is only a single level of difference, the difference is like the distance between heaven and earth.”

Xiao Ao Shuang was silent, listening to Jonathan’s words with a complicated feeling in her heart.

“Uh, aren’t you going to eat this?” “I like it, just give it to me!” Jonathan’s words flashed in front of Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes. When she looked down, she saw that the ham on her plate was gone.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan speechlessly. Jonathan did not feel embarrassed at all. Instead, he was enjoying his meal.

“You sure are thick-skinned.” Xiao Ao Shuang said exasperatedly.

“This is called having good mental fortitude.” Suddenly, he raised his head and looked towards the door, and a strange expression appeared on his face.

Qi Ao Shuang turned around and looked at the direction Jonathan was looking. She was also stunned when she saw the person at the door. They all knew the person at the door. It was Lenny, but his face was covered by a veil. A person went to carry a meal in silence.

“Also?” Why is the hen wearing a veil today? Pretending to be mysterious? It’s been hard for her not to bother Dittos since she came out of the Tower. " Jonathan narrowed his eyes and frowned as he looked at Lenny, who was carrying food to a corner to eat, and said in a schadenfreude manner.

Of course, she knew why Lenny wanted to cover his face. It seemed that the things that had entered her body that day were beginning to take effect. Lenny’s face should be beginning to darken a little.

Jonathan meant Cao Cao, Cao Cao Cao. Just as he finished speaking, Dotans appeared at the entrance of the cafeteria.

“Hey, Dittos, this way.” Jonathan waved at Dittos.

Dittos glanced at them quietly, then walked straight towards them with the meal in his hands. Lenny, who was standing in the corner, looked at him with resentment. When he saw Jonathan’s gloating sneer, he immediately lowered his head.

“Dittos, this way.” “Ham, do you have any?” Jonathan craned his neck to look at Dittos’s plate.

Dittos sat down, set the plate down, and Jonathan’s fork poked through it.

“Thank you.” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Dotans and said softly.

“No thanks.” “Yes, sir,” replied Dittos, and he began to eat his meal in silence.

Jonathan chewed his ham, blinked at the silent Dittos, then looked at the calm Xiao Aoshuang, puzzled.

“You two know each other?” Jonathan blinked, not understanding. He had never seen these two speak, nor had he seen them befriend each other. Why did it feel a little strange between the two of them?

Jonathan asked, and neither of them answered. They ate in silence, and drank the soup.

After dinner, Qi Ao Shuang was about to leave.

“Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, there’s still two months until the competition. We don’t have any classes these two months, how about we go out for a walk?” Jonathan suddenly asked for a stay.

“I’m not going.” Xiao Ao Shuang replied faintly and was about to leave again.

“Let’s go together. I’m going back to Nine Heavens City. All of you can come at once.” At this time, Dittos gently put down his spoon and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang as he said indifferently.

“Alright.” Xiao Ao Shuang only said one word.

Jonathan’s eyes widened. He looked at Qi Ao Shuang, then he looked at Dittos. There was still no expression on their faces.

“See you at the school gates tomorrow morning.” Dittos said in a deep voice.

“Alright.” After replying to her words, Qi Ao Shuang left.

Jonathan was still in shock as he watched Xiao Ao Shuang walk away. Then he looked at Dittos who stood up silently. The doubt in his heart was growing bigger and bigger.

Dittos stood up and slowly walked towards the door. Jonathan hurriedly followed behind him like a noisy crow. He whined, “Hey, when did you two know each other?” Since when did their friendship become so good? How could this be? Obviously, he and I are on better terms. Why did I invite him not to agree to my request, so you only need to say a word and he will agree to it? “Why is this so? Why?”

Dittos ignored Jonathan, who was following him, and continued to walk in silence without any expression on his face. Dittos understood that it was due to his reminder that Qi Ao Shuang had passed the eighth level of the trial and was grateful to him that she agreed.

The next morning, when Qi Ao Shuang arrived at the school gate, she found Dittos and Jonathan already waiting for her.

“Sorry I’m late.” Qi Ao Shuang greeted.

“No, we were too early.” “Yes, sir,” Dittos replied lightly.

Jonathan’s jaw was almost dislocated. Blinking his eyes with all his might, he stared at the Dittas in front of him. Was he seeing things wrong? Did he hear wrong? How could Dittas be so polite to a man?

“Let’s go.” Dittos led the way.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded, following behind. Jonathan followed, full of questions.

The three beauties continued to walk forward until they arrived in front of the gigantic lake. Then, they landed on the floating boulder. All three of them looked outstanding on the outside, and Dittos and Jonathan were well-known figures on campus. This made them even more eye-catching.

When the three of them walked together, the turnaround rate was ridiculously high. Everyone was trying to guess who was the red-haired youth who was walking with Dickens and Jonathan. Why wasn’t Lenny with them, but this strange red-haired handsome boy?

The three of them walked down the long flight of stone steps.

“Dittos, this time I want to eat the one I ate last time, and …” Jonathan began to chatter.

Qi Ao Shuang and Dittos remained silent.

“Right, Xiao Aushuang, let me tell you, the Dittens are very rich.” “His sister is the wife of the Nine Heavens City’s lord. Tsk, tsk, we’re hugging our thighs, and we’ll be in for a spicy meal following Dotans.” Jonathan recounted Dittos’s background.

Oh, Dittos is the younger brother of the Nine Heavens City’s Mayor’s wife?

“Shut up.” Dittos spat out two words in a deep voice.

“Alright, alright.” Jonathan stuck out his tongue. “Let’s go.” “Is this because of the Four Seasons Garden’s Tripod Assembly?”

“Yes.” “Yes, sir.”

“It’s another boring Tripod Gathering. It’s just the time for every city to show off their skills.” Jonathan shrugged helplessly. “But it’s not surprising. If we don’t, the balance between the four cities will be unthinkable once the situation breaks out.”

“For balance?” Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and repeated Jonathan’s words.

“Yeah.” “It’s always like this in every big meeting. Talent competitions, treasure auctions, you can always show off your talents.” Jonathan shrugged boringly.

If all four cities participated, then Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao would also be here?

“Will it be held soon?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked.

"No, three months later. When we finished the game. “I’m going back to prepare some things.” At this moment, Dittos spoke.

“Oh.” After a grunt of agreement, Qi Ao Shuang went silent, thinking about how she could go to Heavenly Treasure City in three months to see if she could help Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao. Having not seen Ah’Bao for so long, he missed her a lot.

The three of them hired a carriage and drove to Nine Heavens City. Along the way, what Qi Ao Shuang saw was almost the same as the original world, except that there were many races in this world. Humans, Dwarves, Elves, Demons, and Monsters were all gathered together and were on good terms with each other. It was completely different from what the world had seen before. Moreover, everyone here was stronger than in the previous world.

“I bet Lenny the hen will come after us.” Jonathan ate in the carriage and shook his head.

“Will you die if you don’t speak?” Dittos spat out.

“Yes!” If you don’t let me talk, you’re going to take my life! " Jonathan swallowed the food in his mouth and spoke seriously.

Dittos was speechless.

“Lenny that hen is so strange. Why do I keep seeing her in the veils at school?” Pretending to be mysterious? Not really. Everyone in the academy already knows what she looks like. " Jonathan couldn’t figure it out. He rubbed his chin and muttered to himself.

Xiao Aushuang closed her eyes and did not speak, she was clear what was going on.

“Could it be that something happened to her face that she was so proud of, so she had to temporarily cover it up?” Jonathan frowned, guessing.

“Can you not be so gossipy?” Qi Ao Shuang shook her head helplessly.

“How can that be?” Did you forget what I said? ’ Jonathan chuckled. “I’m glad she didn’t like it.”

Xiao Ao Shuang rolled her eyes and did not say anything. This gossipy old man was truly speechless.

He walked very slowly because Jonathan was busy, so he either bought this or ate that.

When the three of them finally arrived at the Nine Heavens City, it was already seven days later.

The City Lord’s Mansion of the Nine Heavens City was magnificent. Her sister Eliza, a gentle and beautiful woman, received the three of them in the small hall. When she saw Dittos, she was extremely happy and was very familiar with Jonathan. However, he was a little shocked when he saw Xiao Ao Shuang. Because Jonathan’s words were Dittens’s invitation for Qi Ao Shuang to come back.

“Qi Ao Shuang.” “My sister, Eliza.” Dittas gave a bland introduction to both sides.

“Hello.” Xiao Ao Shuang nodded politely.

“Hello, hello.” Eliza seemed lost in thought. To her knowledge, Dittos was a cold child. Other than for her, she did not seem to have seen him take the initiative to know anyone and come into contact with them. However, the calm and composed youngster in front of him was actually an invitation from Dittens to come back.

"Oh, by the way, Dittas, Lenny’s back first. She lives next door to me. Eliza smiled at Dittos.

“No.” Dittos gave a straightforward answer.

“Why?” You didn’t treat her before. Elisa was surprised and confused.

“The favor is over.” Ditto’s tone was light.

“Huh?” Elisa was stunned: “She is sick. You should check it out.”

“Oh?” “What disease?” Jonathan took it, trying to suppress the schadenfreude in his brow, and asked.

"I can’t say. Something’s wrong with her skin. As a girl, what she feared the most was her appearance problems. She was in a very low mood. Go and see her, maybe she’ll feel better. I’ve got a lot of doctors and priests working on her, but she’s not getting any better. " Elisa slightly frowned. It was obvious that she still cared about Lenny. After all, Lenny had risked his life to block the assassin’s attack for her.

“Oh.” “Let’s go, there’s something else we need to deal with.”

Qi Ao Shuang and Jonathan stood up, said goodbye to Elisa and left with Dittos.

“Sigh, this child is really something. I just don’t understand what’s wrong with Lenny.” I’ve always been so cold to her. " Eliza shook her head and sighed.

In the long corridor, the pillars made of white jade stood in a straight line, and the courtyard was filled with countless beautiful flowers.

“Haha, the hen is sick, there really is a problem.” “It’s still her skin. Let’s see how she sees people now.” Jonathan’s eyes narrowed into a line. “This is great. She’s down to seven stars, and she can’t keep her looks anymore.”

Still Dittos was silent.

Jonathan shook his head.

Xiao Aushuang understood what was going on.

“Let’s go take a look.” Dittos spat out a sentence indifferently.

“No way, you!” “You really want to see her!” Jonathan was hopping down the corridor like a monkey with its tail stepped on.

"Always fooling around in front of my sister. “Such a woman …” Dittos did not finish his words, but his calm expression darkened.

Suddenly, Jonathan stopped talking and silently followed after Dittos. He knew that the tone of his voice meant that he was angry. If Lenny wasn’t really sick, the consequences would be tragic.

Qi Ao Shuang looked up to the sky and blinked her eyes. This time, Dittas had truly wronged Lenny. Indeed, Lenny was in trouble, and he was the one who did it. What would Dittos say if he saw anything?

“Lenny didn’t play tricks on me this time.” Suddenly, Xiao Ao Shuang said something in a low voice.

“What?” “How do you know?” Jonathan looked at Qi Ao Shuang in bewilderment.

Dotans also stopped and turned to look at Xiao Ao Shuang. His face was calm as he asked indifferently, “Did you do it?” Although it was an inquiry, the tone was already certain.

“Ka?” Jonathan opened his mouth wide and looked at Qi Ao Shuang in surprise.

“Yes.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded, “When we were at the swamp, she wanted to kill me with that Simi.” Xiao Ao Shuang did not panic or change her expression when she saw the frank and honest manner in which Dylan asked him. She only indifferently admitted that he did it himself.

“Well, what about Simi?” “How did you do it?” Jonathan was a curious baby.

“Kill him.” I just got something in Lenny’s body. " Qi Ao Shuang told him honestly. In front of these two people, Qi Ao Shuang felt that she didn’t need to worry about what she did to Lenny. These two people would never care about it.

“Well done, I like it.” Jonathan laughed.

Dittos immediately turned around and walked in the other direction.

“Where to?” “You’re not trying to get Qi Ao Shuang caught, are you?” Jonathan frowned.