Volume 1

Chapter 273

Stunning Edge - C273

Qi Ao Shuang and the strange creature stared at each other. Qi Ao Shuang did not move, nor did the creature walk away. It floated in the swamp, staring at Qi Ao Shuang.

“What are you looking at?” Have you never seen a beauty before? “No, I’ve never seen a handsome guy before?” Although Qi Ao Shuang was thinking hard, she still could not think of a way to safely cross the swamp. Seeing the strange creature still looking at her, she could not help but shout out angrily.

“Gu gu ~ ~ Gu gu ~” the monster snorted at Qi Ao Shuang, but it didn’t know what he was talking about.

“What kind of bird language?” Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she looked at this dangerous fellow, keeping her guard up. How could someone who was able to live comfortably under such terrifying conditions be an easy opponent? Just the size of that bizarre head and that terrifying mouth was enough to make one’s hair stand on end.

“Haw Haw?” At this time, the sky suddenly jumped out from Qi Ao Shuang’s body, jumping directly in front of the monster and letting out two chirps.

“Coo, coo ~ ~”

“Haw Haw?”

“Gu gu!” “Gu gu gu gu!”

“Chi chi …” “Hiss, hiss ~ ~”

The two of them were chattering away in a language that Qi Ao Shuang did not understand. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

Suddenly, with a loud crashing sound, the monster actually jumped up and splashed water all over the place. The ground and the nearby floating rocks all made a corrosive sizzling sound. The places where the water had splashed were all corroded, causing people to shudder in fear. And the monster made gurgling sounds and was jumping around. He seemed to be happy?

Haw Haw! “Jiu —” The sky seemed to be angry as it bounced around. It seemed like it was scolding him?

“Goo …” What made Qi Ao Shuang shocked was that the monster was actually like a child who had done something wrong, obediently swimming over, floating beside the swamp, staring at the sky with its beady eyes.

What confused Qi Ao Shuang the most was that her soybean-sized eyes seemed to have a pitiful look in them, as if she was begging for forgiveness.

What was going on?

“Hey, Qi Ao Shuang ~ ~” The vast sky leaped back to Qi Ao Shuang’s side.

“Do what?” Xiao Aushuang looked at the sky curiously, “You can understand that guy’s words?”

“His name is Momo. Do you want to pass through this place?” With him leading the way, it would soon be smooth sailing. All you have to do is pay for the road. " The sky looked like a ruffian as he laughed mischievously.

Xiao Ao Shuang! And then he felt a little urge to spurt it out.

Hairy? This strange creature had a name, but it was still the same. What a tangled name! And he even wanted money for it?

“What?” “What money?” Qi Ao Shuang felt that her tongue was a little tangled.

“Simple. Momo said that the meat you threw earlier was delicious, so I’ll order some more.” Then I told him, you can make it better. “He said that not only can he let you pass, he can also help you pass safely.” With a smug look, Chang Kong added, “Momo is the local tyrant, this is his territory.”

Xiao Ao Shuang twitched her mouth, unable to say anything. This place, how had the people of the past passed through? Qi Ao Shuang did not care about whether she would pass this test or not. What she cared about was the reward for passing the trial!

It was said that those who passed the eighth level of the trial could cultivate in a secret place. Where could they comprehend the power faster to reach the realm of breaking through the void? Even for this reward, Qi Ao Shuang had to think of a way to pass through this level!

“Coo, coo, coo ~ ~” Momo began to cry out again, and the more she cried out, the more frantic she became.

At the side, Zhangkong translated competently, “Human, just get me something delicious.” I’ve never had a full stomach, and the meat is super bad. Give me something good to eat, and I can get you through here safely. “You know, even if those people pass through here the fastest, it’ll still take a few days.”

Qi Ao Shuang was sweating cold sweat. The super tough meat that Momo mentioned was probably the kind of people that came to participate in the trial and wanted to pass through here. The human meat certainly wasn’t tasty, let alone raw!

The first time Momo ate pork, she naturally felt that it tasted much better than the human meat. In addition, if there was a Wind Origin ability that understood his words, that would be even better.

A few black lines appeared on Qi Ao Shuang’s forehead. So there was such a way to get through this dangerous place. Bribe Momo! If those people from before knew of this method, they wouldn’t have to hold their grudges anymore. However, even so, how many people would be so bored as to throw pork at Momo, and who would be so coincidental that they had the elemental energy to communicate with Momo? Qi Ao Shuang was the first person in history to have these two conditions.

“Roast meat?” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Mao Mao’s bean-sized eyes and stared at her, her scalp tingling. She then took out all the tools for roasted meat, and took out a few pieces of fresh, fat meat.

“Gu gu!” “Gu gu!” Momo was so excited that she started to flop around in the swamp. Finally, she laid her huge and ugly head against the edge of the swamp, staring at the things in Qi Ao Shuang’s hands with her small eyes. With a ‘gurgle’, the sky turned around and chattered to Momo.

“Momo is swallowing her saliva.” Only then did Chang explain to Qi Aushuang what that ‘gurgle’ meant. … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

Qi Ao Shuang was speechless. She sped up her actions, roasted a piece of meat and threw it at the fur on the shore. A few pieces of meat had disappeared just like that.

“Zhangkong, this, this fur, where did it go to swallow the meat?” “So small …” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“He made his own space, temporarily swallowing it in the space in his mouth, then he can spit it out and eat it.” The sky explained.

So awesome? Xiao Ao Shuang was speechless. This habit of hers was just like a hamster’s. However, this fella was actually able to create space in his body. What kind of creature was this?

After roasting almost all of the fresh meat in Qi Ao Shuang’s Spatial Ring, Momo closed her eyes in satisfaction and smacked her lips in satisfaction. Then he swam left and right, blinking at Qi Aushuang.

“Momo said she can lead the way now.” The sky jumped onto Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder and said.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded and said to Mao Mao, “I will be troubling you then.”

“Gu gu!” Gugu ~ ~ Gugu ~ ~ "The fur man began to growl.

“You’ve already paid for the trip, no need to thank me.” Vast sky was a competent interpreter.

At this moment, a soft sound could be heard from afar.

“Goo, goo, goo …” Momo suddenly began to croak softly.

“Someone’s coming.” The words flew back into Xiao Ao Shuang’s body.

Xiao Ao Shuang was confused, turning around, who is it?

Gradually, the soft sound got closer and closer.

“It’s you?!” A sharp voice sounded, filled with doubt. The one who spoke was Lani. At this moment, her face was filled with disbelief. She was frowning as she looked at Qi Ao Shuang.

Beside Lenny was the calm Dittas. It was just that Lenny looked a little tired, while Dittens seemed to be in good spirits. From this, one could tell the difference in strength between the two. Clearly, Lenny had put in a lot of effort to pass that level, while Dittins had easily passed.

But Jonathan didn’t seem to be with them?

“Why are you here?” Lenny stared at Qi Ao Shuang and asked impolitely.

Xiao Ao Shuang did not pay any attention to Lani. She only glanced at the two indifferently before turning around and returning to her seat.

Lani held his breath. This red-haired kid would embarrass her every time, and he never looked straight at her. As expected, none of the people who were close to Jonathan were good people! Well, both of them are uneducated bastards.

“You’re being rude, I’m asking you a question.” Lani was still uncomfortable, but he forced himself to say these words.

“You don’t sound polite when you ask questions. It’s normal if others don’t answer.” At this moment, Dittas spoke indifferently. However, his gaze fell on Qi Ao Shuang. He wasn’t surprised at all that this youth was able to arrive here. At the beginning, the aura exuded from the youth’s body made him feel that the youth was not simple at all. And here he was. Judging from his relaxed expression, he had either arrived here very early or lived a very easy life.

After hearing Stens’ words, Lani felt a sense of fear. Only then did he remember that he had indeed lost his composure.

“I, I was only surprised. That’s why I asked with some impatience.” Lenny quickly explained, afraid that he would leave a bad impression in Dittas’s mind. In addition to his nervousness, he also harbored a grudge against Xiao Ao Shuang. This red-haired kid was the same as Jonathan. He had the ability to make himself lose his composure.

No wonder Lenny was so angry. In this academy, which man would ignore Lenny’s questions? Those admirers would always say whatever they know, even if they weren’t admirers they would still give them some face. Jonathan was the only one who mocked and ridiculed her. His attitude toward her was driving her crazy. He just ignored her!

Xiao Ao Shuang did not say anything, only quietly sitting there waiting. She wanted to see how the two of them would manage to survive this perilous swamp.

At this time, the voice of Dylan didn’t have the slightest ripple to it. It wasn’t directed at Qi Ao Shuang, but at Lani.

“Lenny, you can’t always rely on me. This time, you have to rely on your own strength to get through.” Dittos’ voice was calm, without the slightest ripple of emotion.

These words were spoken with a light tone, and only then did Qi Ao Shuang realize what had happened. So it turned out that this Lenny had only managed to pass through the eighth floor by relying on Dittos. If all the students who passed the eighth level had to participate in the competition, then what was the point of Lenny getting third place? Could it be that the other students who passed were all male students and all of them had been given to her?

Qi Ao Shuang’s guess was correct! It was true! The other boys were all being merciful to Lenny, but Jonathan was the only one. That was why Lenny was Jonathan’s Third Brother in ten thousand years! Lenny’s strength was only at the peak of the Seven Stars, not yet at the 8-star level.

A trace of disdain flashed across Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes. She looked down on Lani, and even more so at those people who made Lani participate in the competition.

So what if she was pretty? Beautiful enough to do as she pleases? He was truly speechless!

Hearing these words, Lenny’s face naturally turned pale. He shouted in fear, “Dittas, you can’t do this. If you don’t bring me there, I will descend to the seventh star!”