Volume 1

Chapter 269

Stunning Edge - C269

It turned out that the source of the wind in front of him was not yet an adult, and he had sneaked out from his hometown.

The Origin of Wind was a very mysterious species, comparable to the nucleus of the wind. All of the elements cores were formed from the elements of heaven and earth, but they could only form once the human body absorbed them, thus contributing to the growth of one’s cultivation.

However, the origin of the elements was different. It could help humans in their cultivation. Furthermore, he had stated that he would be able to provide a steady stream of assistance.

Having an element source was equivalent to having an innumerable amount of elements cores. The Elemental Cores were already valuable enough, from the time that Qi Ao Shuang came to this world to look for the Core of Fire.

And the source of the elements was naturally even more precious! Such a thing had only existed in the legends, but today Qi Ao Shuang had actually bumped into it!

Qi Ao Shuang’s prediction was correct. In this prairie, there were countless poisonous insects and poisonous snakes hiding, waiting for the humans to step into this place before attacking them in the dark.

The wind blew through the thick grass, bringing with it a slight scent of grass. Without hesitation, Qi Ao Shuang dove into the vast grassland.

“Hissss …” Suddenly, a series of crackling sounds entered into Qi Ao Shuang’s ears.

Qi Ao Shuang turned her head to look at the source of the voice and narrowed her eyes. Following that, a gentle breeze gently swirled around Qi Ao Shuang, fluttering her hair and sleeves as if pleading for something.

Qi Ao Shuang pondered for a moment before following the direction of the voice. As the sound got closer and closer, it became clearer and clearer. When Qi Ao Shuang arrived at the source of the sound and saw the object that made the sound, she was stunned. Was the sound coming from the little white thing in front of him? Is this the object of Wind’s plea for help? The small object was round and white to the point that it was almost transparent. It swayed left and right as if it was very weak, as if it was about to dissipate in the next moment.

“Ji Ji!” That little thing seemed rather happy to see Qi Aushuang, and without waiting for Qi Aushuang to react, it immediately pounced towards her. Qi Ao Shuang was startled. She wanted to dodge it, but the wind around her became abnormally gentle, as if telling her that there was no danger.

Qi Ao Shuang froze, no longer dodging. The small sphere pounced on Qi Ao Shuang’s body, and instantly vanished into thin air.

Huh? Qi Ao Shuang looked down at her body in surprise, but she did not feel anything strange. What was going on? Did that thing enter his body?

What was that? Why did the wind ask for help? And how can I help?

In the next moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s expression changed. She could feel the magic in her body decreasing rapidly! It was decreasing at an extremely terrifying speed.

There was something strange about it! Could it be that thing just now? If this continued, the magic power in her body would definitely disappear. In that case, it would be very dangerous for her. That little thing was weak just now, so now it was absorbing his magic power to replenish itself?

Crap! How terrible! Qi Ao Shuang could not sense the existence of that little thing at all, and her magic power was constantly decreasing. If his magic ran out, then the consequence would be …

Qi Ao Shuang was anxious as she searched her storage ring for monster cores. At this time, she couldn’t keep up with the little thing’s absorbing speed by relying on meditation to recover her magic power. After so long, this was the first time that Qi Ao Shuang’s powerful spiritual power lacked magic power. After rummaging through the monster cores for a while, he finally found some, and Xiao Ao Shuang immediately began to replenish her magic power.

But the little thing didn’t stop absorbing magic. Xiao Ao Shuang continuously replenished it, and it continued to absorb more and more. Xiao Ao Shuang was like a transfer station, continuously transferring all the magic in the Magic Core to the little thing.

Several high-level monster cores had already been wasted, but the little thing in his body still hadn’t stopped. Xiao Aushuang groaned in her heart, what was going on? Logically speaking, Wind Speaker wouldn’t harm her?

After an unknown amount of time, the little thing in Qi Ao Shuang’s body finally stopped absorbing the magic after it had thrown away more than ten high level magic cores. Xiao Ao Shuang quickly replenished her magic, throwing the abandoned monster cores to the side, letting out a long sigh of relief. In his heart, he was more puzzled. What exactly was that little thing in his body?

Just as Qi Ao Shuang thought of this, the little thing seemed to hear Qi Ao Shuang’s thoughts. It came out of Qi Ao Shuang’s body and stood on her shoulder.

“Burp ~ ~” The little thing burped as soon as it came out. It then stood on top of Xiao Ao Shuang’s shoulder shakily as if it was drunk. In fact, it was obviously a symbol of having eaten too much.

Qi Ao Shuang turned around and looked at the little thing on her shoulder with a face full of shock. This little thing actually had its own body shape and appearance. It was completely different from the way it looked when it was about to disappear. He looked more human now, his body still white, hands and feet, body, hair, and face. However! Xiao Aushuang’s mouth was agape. Did anyone tell her what was going on? Why did this little thing’s face look the same as hers?!

“You, who are you?” “Why does she look the same as me?” Xiao Ao Shuang was extremely shocked, but strangely, she didn’t feel annoyed. She only felt that this little thing’s body was emitting a very intimate aura, a feeling of flesh and blood being fused together. Like a loved one, or more like a part of himself.

“Burp ~” The little person burped and then slid down Xiao Ao Shuang’s shoulder and into Xiao Ao Shuang’s arms. Xiao Ao Shuang extended her hand to catch him.

“Who, who am I?” I am the source of the wind. Today, I was bullied by dogs on the Falling Tiger Plains. “Thank goodness you came.” The little person shook his head and said.

Wind Origin?!

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the almost weightless little thing in her hands in shock. It was actually the Origin of Wind?! The legendary Origin of Wind actually appeared here? How is that possible?

"As for me, there’s no other way, the first human I met was you. “I’ll have to take advantage of you.” Source of Wind helplessly said.

“The first human I met?” Qi Ao Shuang instantly picked up on this crucial piece of information. As the origin of the wind, he was an existence that had existed for a long time. How could he ever meet a human?

“Cough, cough, don’t look so shocked. I just slipped out of the Sacred Land. Oh, no, I just left the Sacred Land and got lost here.” The Origin of Wind seemed to be a little unnatural as he said this.

It turned out that the source of the wind in front of him was not yet an adult, and he had sneaked out from his hometown. The Origin of Wind was a very mysterious species, comparable to the nucleus of the wind. All of the elements cores were formed from the elements of heaven and earth, but they could only form once the human body absorbed them, thus contributing to the growth of one’s cultivation. However, the origin of the elements was different. It could help humans in their cultivation. Furthermore, he had stated that he would be able to provide a steady stream of assistance. Having an element source was equivalent to having an innumerable amount of elements cores. The Elemental Cores were already valuable enough, from the time that Qi Ao Shuang came to this world to look for the Core of Fire. And the source of the elements was naturally even more precious! Such a thing had only existed in the legends, but today Qi Ao Shuang had actually bumped into it!

Actually, today was indeed Qi Ao Shuang’s luck. His body was of the wind attribute, his spiritual power was very strong, and he also knew the language of the wind. If the people who passed by weren’t of the wind attribute and didn’t know the language of the wind, then they wouldn’t have been able to find the source of the wind. With these two conditions, if his spiritual force was too weak, not only would he not be able to save the Wind Source, he would also lose his life. It had to be said that Qi Ao Shuang’s luck was too good.

At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang was thinking, Holy Land? Was that the place where the elementals were gathered? And the little fellow in front of him had sneaked out and met with danger, so Feng had asked him to help him?

Qi Ao Shuang had guessed most of what had happened.

“Kid, you’re so weird.” “Why, why do I feel that your soul doesn’t match your body?” Source of Wind looked up at Xiao Ao Shuang and asked in puzzlement.

“What’s your name?” “After absorbing so much of my magic, are you going to compensate me for something?” Qi Ao Shuang didn’t answer the question of the Origin of Wind, but instead asked these questions coldly.

“Huh?” Cough cough ~ ~ About that, I absorbed a lot of your magic … … “But, you don’t have to be so stingy …” He stuttered.

“I should be the one who saved your life, right?” “Does the brave and mighty Wind Origin not want to acknowledge its debt?” Qi Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes and said these words coldly, because in the short conversation just now, Qi Ao Shuang had already figured out this little brat’s personality, and was full of pride. He was clearly a little brat, but from time to time, he would call himself this young master. Beating a snake to hit seven inches, first praising him for his courage and greatness, then asking back if he was willing to accept the consequences.

“Not at all!” Sure enough, Wind Source immediately retorted with a face and neck red, “I am called Zhangkong. If I eat you, my mouth will be soft. I will help you cultivate.” “Wait until you break through the Space Shattering Realm before I leave!” Windsource patted his chest in assurance.

Fragmentation of the Void Realm?! Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes immediately lit up. She grabbed onto the Origin of Wind and said with excitement, “You, you can help me cultivate to the Space Shattering Realm?”

“Nonsense!” Our Elemental Source has inherited memories regarding these things, so we are naturally more proficient than you guys. You guys are also like headless flies, rampaging about, many people are just one last step away from making a breakthrough. Actually, the last layer was very thin, it could break with a poke! “Right, what’s your name?” The sky puffed up its chest as it spoke confidently.

“How long?” “My name is Qi Ao Shuang.” Xiao Ao Shuang asked urgently.

“Eh …” The sky blinked as he sized Qi Ao Shuang up. Then, he narrowed his eyes and said, “It’s not that I said that. Some people can never cultivate it in their entire lives, but some people can do it very quickly.” It shouldn’t take long. “I’m just confused, your soul and body don’t seem to match …”

Qi Ao Shuang went silent, she did not expect that this Wind Source could actually see through her nature. This body really wasn’t his.

“Hey, don’t be discouraged.” “You have good aptitude and strong spiritual energy, you should be able to do it in ten years.” Wind Source scratched his head and said.

“Ten years!” Xiao Ao Shuang frowned. It was too long, too long …

“Maybe eight, maybe seven, depending on your own efforts, but seeing how much you’ve helped me, I’ll definitely help you.” Looking at the sadness in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, Chang consoled himself. At this moment, there was a strange connection between Kong Zhangkong and Qi Ao Shuang, almost as if they were family. Looking at how upset Qi Ao Shuang was, Chang felt a sense of discomfort in his heart.

“Thank you.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded absent-mindedly, but still looked at the little fellow gratefully. Looking at how similar Xiao Budian was to her, a strange feeling arose in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart.

“Where is this?” “What are you going to do next?” The sky was chirping as he asked.

Xiao Ao Shuang let go of the sky and allowed it to reach her shoulders. Only then did she stand up and slowly began to explain to the sky. Chang Kong also understood that Qi Ao Shuang was participating in a trial.

Xiao Ao Shuang stood up, knowing that the time she and Chang Kong spent here was not as simple as just a few moments. Because she clearly felt the hunger in her stomach, she quickly ate some food to replenish her energy. He needed to hurry to the next level as soon as possible. He really wanted to experience the ninth level. If he could pass the ninth level of the trial, he would have the chance to break through the void boundary.

The sky was perched on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder, following his instructions and transforming into the appearance of a small spirit beast. The outer appearance of the sky became that of a small snow ferret. This way, it wouldn’t appear so abrupt. Xiao Ao Shuang didn’t want others to see and misunderstand that she had such a small child …

The wind transmitted a message. Indeed, many people had already entered this plain, and there was no lack of powerful students among them. Xiao Ao Shuang and Chang Kong’s recovery and turnover magic actually took up a whole day and night.

Xiao Ao Shuang brought the sky with her as she rushed forward, wanting to reach the next level as soon as possible. Qi Ao Shuang tried her best to avoid people from getting into conflicts and wasting time. Qi Ao Shuang was unwilling, but that didn’t mean that some people wouldn’t deliberately crash into them.

“Miss Bethany, are you tired?” “Do you want to take a break?” A fawning voice reached her ears.

“Miss Bethany, are you thirsty?” Do you want some water? ’ Another voice was also full of flattery.

Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly. The people in front were Bethany and her escorts. Qi Ao Shuang had heard those two voices before. They were the two people from the restaurant. It was really haunting.

There had been those moments before, so Qi Aoshuang didn’t want to waste time with them. Xiao Ao Shuang brought the sky around to the side.

“Haw ~ ~” Suddenly, a low voice came from the sky, and in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind, a frivolous voice rang out. “Wow, Qi Ao Shuang, that little girl’s figure is really good.” “This Young Master’s heart was in turmoil when he saw this.”

Qi Ao Shuang was embarrassed! This little guy was actually a little pervert!

However, the problem lay in the two chirps from the sky. Bethany looked through the cracks and saw the cute and snow-white ferret on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder.

“What a cute small marten!” Bethany’s voice was filled with joy.

Qi Ao Shuang thought to herself. He stretched out his hand to knock on the empty sky and spoke to it in his mind, “You little pervert. You’re in trouble now.”

“That student, please wait!” Can you transfer your pet to us? “Money isn’t a problem.” Sure enough, a nasty voice could be heard right away.

“If you don’t need money, we can give you what you want.” Another voice was full of arrogance.

“Heh heh, the beautiful lady has taken a fancy to me ~ ~” Qi Ao Shuang’s mind was in a mess of words.

Qi Ao Shuang was exasperated …

“No.” Qi Ao Shuang said in a hurry. She did not even turn around, and was about to leave the place.

“Wait!” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes flashed, and the two men quickly stood in front of Qi Ao Shuang, blocking her way.