Volume 1

Chapter 271

Stunning Edge - C271

Perina’s gaze naturally fell on Tanasha. It was for no other reason than she was looking at Xiao Ao Shuang.

“Junior brother …” She was somewhat surprised to see him here.

“Senior apprentice-sister.” Xiao Ao Shuang nodded politely in greeting. No matter what, this Talina showed her concern for him while she was in the canteen, and Qi Ao Shuang still had a good impression of her.

“Qi Ao Shuang, when are we leaving?” Seeing the look in Tanina’s eyes, a trace of craftiness that was hard to notice appeared in her eyes. She silently moved closer to Xiao Ao Shuang.

“A while.” Qi Ao Shuang spat out two words.

Tarina’s eyes fell on Parina, a complex emotion flashing in her eyes. Who was this woman? What relationship did he have with Xiao Aushuang? Why together? It seemed to be related to a different feeling.

“Junior brother, you …” Tarina opened her mouth, but she didn’t know what to say.

“Tarina, is this your junior apprentice-brother?” If you want to come with us, we can take care of you. " The man next to her spoke in a low voice.

Tarina was overjoyed. These two powerful men were the senior brothers of the sect that Yunia belonged to. Out of respect for Yuna, they had brought her along. If only he could bring Qi Ao Shuang with him.

Before she could say anything, Qi Ao Shuang already spoke up, “Thank you for your kind intentions senior, there’s no need.”

The man’s expression changed slightly as a trace of anger flashed in his eyes. The meaning behind his words was clear. He was saying that Xiao Aushuang did not know what was good for her.

Talina opened her mouth slightly, not knowing what to say. All men had their own pride. Could it be that the actions of her senior had hurt her pride? Tarina felt regret in her heart.

“In that case, be careful. We’ll be leaving first.” said Eunia at this moment.

“Junior apprentice-brother, be careful.” After quite a while, Tanina forced out these words. Actually, she really wanted to let Qi Aoshuang know how to do what she wanted. If she couldn’t, then she didn’t want to keep moving forward. He didn’t want anything to happen to Qi Ao Shuang, but because he was afraid of hurting her self-esteem in front of so many people, he didn’t say it out loud.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded, not saying anything else.

Just like that, Tanina’s group left. Before she left, she even turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang, her eyes filled with worry.

Parina’s mouth twitched, her heart was filled with sorrow. It couldn’t be that this lousy blockhead who didn’t know how to cherish the fairer sex really had a woman take a fancy to him?

Only after they were far away did she squat down. She looked at Xiao Ao Shuang and asked with a teasing tone, “Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, who is that woman?” Your senior sister? Why do I feel like she’s looking at you differently? "

Qi Ao Shuang ignored him and started rummaging through her storage ring.

“Hey, does that woman like you?” Parina did not hesitate to ask.

“She treated all her junior brothers and sisters like this.” Xiao Ao Shuang finally replied coldly. As far as Xiao Ao Shuang was concerned, this was the truth. This senior apprentice-sister Talena was extremely caring towards her disciples. She was a kind-hearted woman.

Parina rolled her eyes. Is that really true? Or was the rotten wood too slow? The way the woman looked at him was clearly different. Heh heh, but this is good too. It was extremely beneficial for him.

“By the way, where’s Chang Kong?” Parina asked, puzzled.

“He’s tired and resting.” Xiao Ao Shuang said casually.

“Eh, where do you want to rest?” “Do you have a beast bag with a spirit beast?” Parina blinked her eyes and asked. There was no air in the interspatial ring, and creatures could not stay inside. If that was the case, then Qi Ao Shuang must have a special bag like the one used to store the spirit beasts. It wasn’t really that valuable.

Xiao Aushuang did not reply, she did not want to tell anyone of Chang Kong’s true identity. Seeing that Qi Ao Shuang did not reply, Parina assumed that he had tacitly agreed.

Under Perina’s astonished gaze, Qi Aushuang took out the barbecue utensils and seasonings, started a bonfire and started the barbecue. Oil dripped from the grilled meat onto the firewood, and the smell of it wafted into Parina’s nose. Parina swallowed her saliva as she watched the barbecue gradually turn yellow and enticing. “You, you know how to barbecue?”

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything, and her eyes became misty as she looked at the roast meat. She thought of all her friends, of the dinner on Wind Island that day. As if it was yesterday, they were so close to him. However, in the past, everyone was no longer by his side. When would he be able to reunite with them? Was there a day like that? There must be.

When Xiao Ao Shuang finished roasting the meat, he cut off half of it for Parina.

“Here, here for me?” Parina was a little surprised. Looking at the roast meat, she pointed at herself and asked doubtfully. This cold rotten wood would actually voluntarily give it to him to eat?

“Don’t forget it.” Qi Ao Shuang said indifferently, preparing to take it back.

“Who said I didn’t want it?” Seeing her right hand being burned, Parina hurriedly reached out to snatch it away from her. She even cried out in alarm, “So hot, so hot ~ ~ ~”

Qi Ao Shuang ate her food silently, paying no more attention to Parina.

While she ate the roast, Parina glanced at Qi Ao Shuang. While praising the delicious taste of the roast meat in his heart, he became even more doubtful of Qi Ao Shuang’s identity. Although this guy was cold, his heart didn’t seem that bad, and he even cooked delicious roasted meat. If he really did become her boyfriend, it would be pretty good too. Pah pah pah pah! What was he thinking? This wasn’t his original intention. His goal was to capture this fellow’s heart and then torture him to death.

After resting, the two of them continued on their journey. After passing through the small forest, they arrived at the fourth level without a hitch. The fourth level was actually a huge lake. The waters of the lake were crystal clear, and the aquatic plants below could be seen clearly by the fish swimming about. However, this water was strangely clear. There were no ripples at all. Even the fish swimming in the water did not change the flow of the water around the fish.

"As long as you pass through this lake, you can reach the next layer. However, this lake wasn’t that easy. “This lake can only bear very light weights. It can’t fly, nor can it build ships, let alone swim over.” She picked up a piece of wood from the side and threw it down, but the wood sank.

“See?” A thing as heavy as a piece of wood can’t float on it. However… Parina picked up a leaf the size of a basketball and dropped it on top of the tree. The leaf floated on the surface of the water. “I can only bear this weight. No matter how big the leaf is, it won’t be able to bear it.” Parina explained.

Qi Ao Shuang stared at the leaves on the lake, not saying a word.

A sly smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. Damn brat, let’s see if you can get help from me this time? You can’t get across this lake without me. Let’s see what you can do!

Parina was secretly pleased with herself. She narrowed her eyes, waiting for Qi Ao Shuang to ask her. After which, she decided on how she would wash up and mock him before bringing him over. However, in the next moment, Parina’s eyes widened.

Xiao Ao Shuang gently stomped her feet on the ground as she walked forward, standing lightly on the leaf. However, the leaf was not affected at all. It was still floating on the surface of the water. In the next moment, a breeze blew past, and the leaves on the water slowly moved forward with Qi Ao Shuang in tow.

Parina’s eyes were wide open as she watched Xiao Ao Shuang leisurely drifting forward. She was speechless for a long time. How did this happen? Why did this guy seem like he had no weight? Why was he able to stand on the leaves and float past them?

As Qi Ao Shuang’s figure got farther and farther away, Parina finally came back to her senses and grunted angrily. Then he crouched down and put his hand to the surface of the water and muttered something. Very quickly, the surface of the water before her rippled. A huge turtle floated up. She jumped onto the tortoise’s back, which was around the size of a round table, and ordered the tortoise to chase after her.

When Parina caught up to Qi Ao Shuang, she bared her fangs and brandished her claws as she asked, “Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, how did you do it?” How can you stand on these leaves? "

Qi Ao Shuang remained silent, not replying. Her eyes fell on the group of people in front of her.

“Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, I was asking you a question, how did you do it?” “Are you not human, are you a ghost?” Parina’s heart skipped a beat, but she immediately curled her lips, secretly laughing at how she could say such brainless words.

The group that Qi Ao Shuang saw was none other than Talina and the rest. However, their situation didn’t look too good. This was because their faces were somewhat anxious. The four of them were standing on a light blue disk that floated gracefully on the surface of the water. Clearly, the disk was the treasure of one of them. However, the disk was only floating there, not moving forward at all.

“Do me a favor and I owe you one.” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly spoke in a deep voice.

“What?” At first, Parina was afraid that she had misheard him. This cold guy actually wanted her to help him? That can’t be true, right?

Qi Ao Shuang remained silent, not repeating what she said earlier. His face, however, was as calm as ever.

Parina pursed her lips and said unhappily, “Fine, fine, fine. What can I do for you?” However, he was secretly delighted in his heart. Damn brat, you also have a day like today! You have a day when you ask for yourself. Hahaha ~ ~ See how I will mock you in the future after I help you!

“Take those men to the other side.” Xiao Ao Shuang pointed at the group of people and said indifferently.

Perina looked in the direction Qi Ao Shuang was pointing at, and saw that Tanina and the others were trapped on the spot. She immediately became angry. So this bastard wanted me to help someone else? She thought that he had a request for her, but who knew that it was to help others, or to help that woman!

“You want to help them?” Why should I listen to you? “Why should I help them?” Parina was furious and very unhappy. Because the plan in his heart didn’t work out. He had wanted to see the dejected look on Qi Ao Shuang’s face, but he didn’t expect it to be like this.

“Help?” “Still not helping?” Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything else, only asking this kind of question in a neutral tone.

“Help!” Help! But remember, you owe me a favor. " Parina resented the idea and urged the tortoise to swim forward.

“Got it.” “Wait for me on the shore,” said Qi Ao Shuang as she said that. Her body sped up, passing by Parina and landing lightly on the ground, “I will wait for you on the shore.”

“Alright.” After hearing the last sentence from Qi Ao Shuang, her heart finally felt a little better.

Just like that, Qi Ao Shuang floated past Ta Lina and the rest. Without even glancing at them, she floated forward.

“Junior brother?!” Tarina naturally saw Qi Ao Shuang and let out a low shout of astonishment. The others were also surprised to see Qi Ao Shuang gently floating on the surface of the water. What magic is this?

“Junior brother?” They didn’t even look at you! “To think that you were worried about him earlier.” Yuna looked at the back of Qi Ao Shuang and her face turned dark. She grunted unhappily. However, how did this guy manage to float on the water?

“Such a person is indeed not worth worrying about.” The man beside Yuna also disdainfully spoke up to belittle Xiao Ao Shuang. “You’re worried about him, but he doesn’t put you in his eyes at all.” Although his tone was disdainful, there was also a faint hint of jealousy, because he could not walk on the surface of the water like Qi Ao Shuang did. No wonder this red-haired kid refused to go along with them. So he had some ability after all.

“He never wanted to help you, hmph!” Yuna looked at the retreating back of Qi Ao Shuang, and her heart filled with hatred. It was all thanks to Talina who stood up straight in the cafeteria, that ungrateful bastard! “Senior apprentice-brother, what’s wrong with this floating disc of yours?” “Hurry up and replenish your magic, how long are we going to be stuck here for?”

“To add, to add, I’m already very fast.” The other man was sweating profusely as he explained, but he didn’t seem to have any confidence in his words. He hadn’t expected such a situation to occur either, and it had been a long time since it was completed. This was bad. He might have to stay here for a few days.

Looking at Xiao Ao Shuang’s back, a complicated expression appeared on Tanina’s face. Did he really leave just like that without even looking at himself? Was he really that kind of person? In her heart, however, she didn’t want to believe that Qi Ao Shuang was such a person.

“Hey, are you guys trapped?” Suddenly, a female voice that seemed to have heard it before reached everyone’s ears.

“You?” Tarina and the others turned, puzzled, only to see a woman standing behind them, staring at them with wide eyes, atop the back of an enormous turtle. Everyone was surprised when they saw this. This woman actually managed to cross the lake in such a manner. How strange! However, there were indeed many capable mutants in the Star Academy. Although they were unique, they definitely weren’t the only ones. After a moment of surprise, everyone returned to their normal state.

“Yeah.” We’re in a bit of trouble. " Yunia’s senior apprentice-brother spoke out in an embarrassed manner. He knew that the floater could not be repaired in a short time. Maybe a few days on the water.

Of course, Talina could recognize this woman. It was the woman who was walking with Qi Ao Shuang. Some wondered why they had split up, but did not ask.

“Do you need any help?” “I’ll lead you there. It’s not like I can stay here forever.” Instead of being overbearing, Parina’s tone was mild. She knew that if she was too arrogant at this moment and these people couldn’t get angry at her for a moment, then she wouldn’t be able to take them away and wouldn’t be able to make that cold blockhead owe her a favor.

“Well, thank you very much.” “Thank you, senior apprentice-brother.”

“It’s a small matter. Everyone, come up.” With a smile, Parina let the tortoise step forward and let them all step forward. After Una’s senior brother put away the floating disc, Parina drove the turtle to swim forward.

“Thank you so much.” Yuna opened her mouth to thank him.

“No thanks.” Parina replied politely, but her heart was filled with sorrow. Who would be willing to let Chickie save you guys? If it wasn’t for that lousy piece of wood, I wouldn’t have done such a thankless and thankless thing.

With a complicated expression, it was unknown what she was thinking.

“Tanina, look at how kind he is. He doesn’t look like your junior apprentice-brother at all.” Hmph! “Ingratitude!” “Think about it, you didn’t even care about your own safety when you were in the cafeteria. Just now, you were so worried about him. Look at him, when he passed by, he didn’t even look at you!” “Is he worth your kindness?”

Talina didn’t say anything, and her eyes dimmed a little.

When Parina heard this, she couldn’t help but feel a wave of displeasure in her heart. Everyone on the turtle’s back, except Parina, was shocked. Even after they had steadied themselves, they were still a little afraid.

“Sorry, everyone, stand still.” Parina acted like nothing had happened.

Everyone nodded in agreement.

“All right, Yunya, enough.” All right, Yunya, enough. One of the men spoke up to comfort them.

Yuna let out a cold snort, her face as grim as ever. She no longer spoke.

But the more Parina listened, the angrier she got. Worse than that piece of rotten wood! Hmph, when we get ashore, I’ll see how I’ll wash off you bastards. You guys are the ones who are ungrateful!

When they got to the shore, they were naturally very grateful to Parina. At this time, however, Parina’s face darkened. She said with a strange tone, “Thank you for the wrong person. Do you really think I ate too much and had nothing better to do than to help you?”

“What do you mean?” Yunia and the others were stunned. They didn’t understand how the woman in front of them could change her expression so quickly.

"I don’t have the heart to help you useless fellows. A mere lake is able to trap you in the middle. Useless. If Qi Ao Shuang didn’t ask me to help you, do you think I would have come to help you? “Ungrateful. I wonder who is ungrateful and ungrateful!” Seeing the wonderful expressions on everyone’s faces, she felt extremely satisfied. Since they had already been brought ashore, she would owe them a debt of gratitude. Naturally, she would take advantage of this opportunity to mock them.

The faces of Yuna and the group were extremely marvelous. They were constantly changing, the color of their livers was red, and in the end, they could not say a word. There were astonishment, gratitude, gratitude, shame, and regret …

“Haha, that lousy piece of wood finally owes me a favor this time. Let’s see how I torture him!” Before leaving, Parina laughed out loud and left. Only Yunya and the others remained where they were with complicated expressions on their faces.

Yuna stared angrily at the departing figure of Parina, unable to say a single word for a long time. So this despicable woman didn’t have any good intentions! As she listened to her last words, Tarina’s heart was filled with worry. He was also regretting how he could accept this woman’s help so easily. This time, he was going to make things difficult for Xiao Ao Shuang. What should he do?

Parina chased after him, a strange sense of joy rising in her heart as she saw Qi Ao Shuang standing in front of her, waiting for her.

“Qi Ao Shuang, let’s go.” Parina happily said.

Xiao Ao Shuang glanced at the somewhat abnormal Parina, but didn’t inquire further. She only nodded faintly and said, “Let’s go.” Then he walked on.

Parina followed with a smile, in a good mood.

Gradually, the more he ascended, the fewer people there were. He saw fewer and fewer students along the way. Some people could no longer move forward and did not want to lose their lives. They simply gave up and used the only teleportation scroll given by the academy to return. Naturally, there would be teachers to judge their trial levels.

Even Qi Ao Shuang was able to pass the fifth level without any difficulties. She finally understood that this red-haired fellow’s strength was definitely not inferior to those 6-star students.

The sixth level was a bit difficult. The sixth level was a flat plain, but there was a massive tornado blowing on the plain, and it never stopped. To get to the next level, you need to safely pass through this violent cyclone. Many people were left with only half their lives after the tornado, so they gave up on moving forward. He only obtained the proof of his strength as a 6-star esper.

Qi Ao Shuang looked up at the huge tornado, the tornado roared, its violent power seemed to tear people apart. Qi Ao Shuang looked up and saw an embarrassing scene. In the sky above the tornado, there were countless shreds of clothes, and some belongings were still roiling about. The clothes and belongings of those who had obviously entered the cyclone were swept up into the sky.

This violent tornado may be difficult for others, but it’s a piece of cake for Qi Ao Shuang. All the winds were Qi Ao Shuang’s friends …

Qi Ao Shuang entered the tornado with a calm face, and Parina quickly followed behind. As expected, wherever Qi Aushuang went, the tornado would not go berserk, instead, it would gently circle around Qi Aushuang, or even hover around her body gently. This was the first time she had seen the wind so close to a person. Even if this guy had a wind attribute physique and used wind magic, there was no need to exaggerate things so much. This guy, who exactly was he? Parina followed closely by Qi Ao Shuang’s side, pulling her by the sleeves of her robe and passing through without a hitch.

“Wow, this is the first time I’ve passed so easily.” After passing through this tornado, Parina patted her chest, stuck out her tongue and said playfully, “I used to be the one who caused all this trouble.” This tornado was very strange. The stronger a person was, the bigger they would be able to resist it. The weaker one would be able to resist it, but at the same time, they would be easily blown into the sky. “No matter what, it’s not going to be easy.” Parina explained.

Xiao Ao Shuang looked at the tornado, deep in thought. This tornado was indeed very strange. After a long period of time, the strong would remain strong, and the weak would remain weak. However, no one dared to hide all their power and enter this tornado, because without any defense, the outcome would be very comedic, and they would be directly blown into the sky to fly a kite.

Under the ground of this tornado, there seemed to be a mysterious force. It seemed to be faintly resonating with the Source of Wind in his body. It was a pity that the Wind Origin was resting. Otherwise, he could call it out and ask about it.

As for the seventh level, it was more dangerous. As expected, it was on two levels compared to the sixth level and below. The number of people who passed was even fewer. This was a magical land. In the skies above, ice cones continued to descend. The cold wind howled through the air, piercing straight into the bones. However, the ground was extremely hot, and the temperature was abnormally high. Flames were continuously spewing out from the ground, and if one was not careful, they would be grilled to the ground. Half of it was hot, the other half was cold.

Once a person stepped on it, their shoes would probably immediately be scorched and evaporated. He also needed to guard against the flames that were rising from the ground and the falling ice cones.

“See?” The seventh floor has been completely different since the beginning. I didn’t go there the last time. It’s too dangerous here. Some people were the cream of the crop in their sects, so they had masters to give them treasures. They could use them to pass through this place. A small number of people go by on their own. The eighth floor is even more difficult. No one has ever seen the ninth floor. Parina stood at the edge of the room and said while looking at the front with lingering fear in her heart.

Qi Ao Shuang silently stared at the terrifying scene before her. The icicles in the sky unceasingly fell, violently stabbing into the ground. After which, there was an ear-piercing sizzling sound as they evaporated instantly. Flames continued to erupt from the ground. The high temperature of the flames seemed to be able to burn everything, making one’s heart palpitate. What was even more troubling was that the spots where the flames were emitted were extremely irregular, and there was no way to predict where the flames would appear the next second.

“I won’t accompany you on your journey. Be careful on your journey.” Suddenly, she frowned and thought of something, then said in a low voice, “Right, the eighth floor is said to be a terrifying swamp. There are many rocks floating above the swamp, and you can only pass through by stepping on them.” But not every rock can bear to stand on it. You have to be careful not to fall down. If you fall down, you will be beyond redemption. “I heard it from someone. You have to be careful, don’t die. Remember, you still owe me a favor that you haven’t paid back.”

Parina knew that with her cultivation, she could not advance any further. He couldn’t give Xiao Ao Shuang any more trouble, or else both of them would be in danger. The higher he went, the more dangerous it became. This was why there were people below the sixth level who were willing to bring along those who had a relationship with him, but after the sixth level and the sixth level, nothing like this would ever happen again. That would only harm people and themselves.

Xiao Ao Shuang turned to look at Parina and nodded, “Thank you, I will be careful.” “You will also return alive to repay your favor.”

“Hmph!” “It’s good that you know.” Parina pursed her lips and snorted. Then, she took out the teleportation scroll given by the academy and crushed it, waiting to be teleported out.

“If you can’t, then retreat. Don’t lose your life in vain. Remember this.” Parina’s figure slowly disappeared, and she continued to instruct him. And Parina herself did not notice the change in attitude. At the beginning, she only wanted to capture this annoying fellow, but now, she couldn’t help but care for him from the bottom of her heart.

Qi Ao Shuang stared at the terrifying scene before her eyes, but she didn’t hesitate as she continued walking forward. He entered this place that was like an Asura hell.