Volume 1

Chapter 276

Stunning Edge - C276

Qi Ao Shuang slowly stood up, lowering her head and sighing in her heart.

“Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, what are you sighing for?” The voice of the sky resounded in his mind.

“I’m just sighing. Why are people always so complicated?” Qi Ao Shuang replied softly.

"Humans are very complex and extreme animals. Humans have the best side, but they also have the ugliest side. “That’s normal.” At this time, the frivolous tone of Chang Kong changed and he spoke seriously.

“Oh?” “People are the most extreme …” Xiao Ao Shuang repeated the words of Chang Kong.

"You should not be soft on those ugly, nasty ones. “For the best, we naturally have to cherish it.” The voice of Zhangkong suddenly became cold as he said in a deep voice, “There is a saying that benevolence towards the enemy is ruthlessness towards oneself.” “It’s better to kill those two people now.” When he said this, it was as easy as eating a meal.

“Oh?” “Kid, I can’t tell that you’re so ruthless. Aren’t you a child?” Qi Ao Shuang slowly walked towards the shore, talking to Yu Zhangkong in her mind.

“Please!” I’m an adult! Although he was just an adult, he was no longer a child. Also, I have inherited memories in my head. I still know a little bit about humans, this complex animal, "he said. The sky retorted unhappily.

“Yes.” “Alright, alright, you’re an adult.” With a faint smile, Xiao Ao Shuang walked to the shore and raised her head to look at Simi and Lenny.

With their backs facing Qi Ao Shuang, Simi and Lani had their eyes on Qi Ao Shuang from the corner of their eyes.

“Tsk, tsk, which path is the right one?” Xiao Ao Shuang was standing on the shore, looking at the swamp with some vexation, seeming to not know which rock to go to.

Simi and Lani were both nervous. If Qi Ao Shuang hadn’t chosen the right path, it wouldn’t have been bad for her to fall. If he chose the right path, that would be good as well. Attack him and let him fall.

“Forget it, let’s guess.” Xiao Aushuang mumbled to herself. With a tap of the tip of her foot, she floated to a rock not far from Simi and Lenny.

“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” Qi Ao Shuang cried out in alarm as her body started to sway.

Excitement appeared in Simi and Lani’s eyes, almost wanting to cry out.

However, Xiao Ao Shuang staggered a little bit, stood still, let out a long breath and said: “Phew! That was close!” “Looks like I was lucky enough to take the right path.”

As expected, the rock beneath Qi Ao Shuang’s feet did not shake at all.

Simi and Lani’s eyes turned heavy with disappointment. The two of them looked at each other and nodded lightly, preparing to make their move. It was obvious that Qi Ao Shuang relied on her luck to step on that solid floating rock. In other words, his strength wasn’t enough to clear this swamp.

However, Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly turned her head and saw that the two of them had stopped moving.

Simi and Lenny also met Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes. Seeing that Qi Ao Shuang stood there without moving and just stared at them like that, they could not help but feel a little flustered. Could it be that Xiao Ao Shuang saw through him?

“Are the two of you disappointed that I didn’t fall down?” A stunning smile suddenly bloomed on Qi Ao Shuang’s handsome face.

The expressions of the two of them changed, and their expressions became unnatural.

“I’m curious.” I seem to have no enmity with you, why do you want my life? " Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Lenny with some doubt, touching her chin as she asked puzzledly.

The moment Qi Ao Shuang said this, Lenny and Simi’s expressions became very interesting.

“Hmph!” “Since you’ve noticed, then there’s no need to waste your breath. Go die.” Simi sneered endlessly. Earlier, when he saw Qi Ao Shuang guessing that the rock was treading on solid ground, he had already determined that Qi Ao Shuang was not his match. In that case, and he was already in the swamp, there was no need to pretend. How could he have imagined that this was Qi Ao Shuang’s way of paralyzing him?

“Even if you die, do you understand?” Qi Ao Shuang pursed her lips and looked at Lenny. What she wanted to express was that before Lenny and Simi died, they should at least tell her why they were targeting her. However, to the two of them, this sounded like another meaning. It was like her last wish.

“You don’t need to know.” Lenny would naturally not repeat the embarrassing incident again, much less let the girl by his side know. Her pride did not allow her to say it.

“Tut, that’s a pity.” Qi Ao Shuang sighed softly, she could see the killing intent in their eyes. Since they were already so merciless, why should she be so merciful to them?

“Go to hell!” Simi grinned wickedly, her handsome face already deformed. She let out a low growl, a ball of flame gathering in her hands. With a sudden push in the direction of Qi Aushuang, he decided to leave the matter of the fire to her. You’re letting her go just like that?! “Big trouble, big trouble!”

“Nope.” However, Xiao Aushuang smiled faintly, not nervous at all, “They were the ones who started this matter first, she would not reveal what happened today if she did not have full confidence.” Also, who said I let her go just like that? "

“What do you mean?” “You didn’t beat her to death the last time you hit her.”

“Not dying at that time doesn’t mean that he won’t die in the future.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled sinisterly. At this time, why did he keep feeling that even though Qi Ao Shuang was smiling, it was still very cold? Why is that?

“What do you mean?” The air was full of doubts, so naturally, he kept asking.

“Isn’t what she cares the most about her face?” “Isn’t it just because of that face?” Xiao Ao Shuang said casually, “When she becomes a Bao Gong, I wonder if there will be more men circling around her.”

“What, what?” The more he panicked, the more he almost jumped up and pinched Qi Ao Shuang’s neck. He didn’t understand what Qi Ao Shuang was talking about. “What is Bao Gong?”

“A man with a face as black as carbon.” Xiao Ao Shuang said lazily, “Before she left, I struck a cold wind into her body.” He brought something with him. It would slowly flow all over her body. “Not just the face, but the skin will slowly turn black.”

“Holy shit!” You are even more vicious than me! I only wanted to kill her, but you actually dared to attack her. Good, very good, very good! I admire you. “From now on, you will follow this Young Master, this Young Master will protect you.” The sky nodded heavily as it spoke in excitement.

“Cut the crap, let’s go in. We’ve comprehended a little something, let’s continue.” Qi Ao Shuang grabbed onto the sky and shoved him into her chest, and the sky automatically entered her body.

“Alright, let’s hurry up and finish your business. Let’s go find that woman and watch the show.” In the end, the Sky was still mumbling excitedly.

Eight trigrams! Color! Put a stone in the well! It was difficult for these features of Vast Sky to make Qi Ao Shuang combine him with the pure elemental essence of the legends.

After finding a quiet corner to sit down cross-legged, Qi Ao Shuang connected several barriers before slowly closing her eyes and trying to merge herself into the world.

Everything went dark and quiet.

Between heaven and earth, everything had disappeared, leaving only darkness behind. The wind, a gentle breeze slowly blew over. The wind blew against Qi Ao Shuang’s face, ruffling her hair before it slowly blew forward. Qi Ao Shuang closed her eyes but felt the wind far away, her consciousness slowly chasing after it.

Gradually, a little light appeared in front of them. It was getting brighter as he continued forward. The surroundings suddenly became clear. Everything was imprinted into Qi Ao Shuang’s mind. The bubbling swamp, the floating rocks. Real and fake, real and fake …

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness continued to move forward. Hairy? Momo swam happily in the swamp, harassing the students. Those students were suffering unspeakably. They wanted to investigate the solid floating rocks and also wanted to guard against Momo’s attacks. One of the students had his right hand tightly bandaged and cold sweat covered his forehead. The person who had been attacked by Momo and had cried out in pain should have been him.

Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness continued forward, and she saw a relaxed figure. It was Jonathan. Jonathan stopped and stopped for a short time. Soon, he could find the next rock to land on.

As he continued forward, he saw another figure. It was clearly faster than Jonathan’s speed.

Dittos?

Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness stopped moving forward, and she could feel the Dentance moving forward in front of her.

Suddenly, Dittos stopped. He slowly turned his head to see that there was no movement behind him.

What’s wrong? Xiao Ao Shuang was puzzled as to why Di Tan suddenly stopped.

In the next moment, a trace of a smile appeared on Dickens’s handsome face. He simply smiled at the space behind him.

“You, not bad.” Dotans spoke a few words into the void behind him. He smiled lightly and turned around, quickly dashing forward.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned.