Volume 1

Chapter 277

Stunning Edge - C277

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned.

You, yes.

Was Dickens talking to himself?

Qi Ao Shuang was shocked! Dittos could actually feel his own consciousness?! How is that possible? However, the truth was right in front of his eyes. Dittos. His strength was unfathomable.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyelids trembled as she retracted her consciousness.

He slowly opened his eyes and took a deep breath. Then, he stood up and walked to the shore with a calm expression. Just now, he had comprehended everything in the swamp, including the state of all the floating rocks.

Qi Ao Shuang leaped lightly and landed on the rock nearest to the shore. Without any pause, she quickly rushed forward. His figure gradually submerged into the thick miasma.

As Qi Aushuang quickly caught up with the other students, everyone looked at her in shock. Xiao Ao Shuang moved quickly over the floating rocks without any hesitation, and in the blink of an eye, they were left behind. Mao Mao blinked his beady eyes as he watched Xiao Aoshuang leave. After a moment of slight hesitation, he swam after her.

When the other students saw this, they let out a sigh of relief. As long as the terrifying monster didn’t attack them, they would feel more at ease. However, that red-haired youth was about to suffer. Everyone had the same thought in their hearts.

However, what shocked them the next moment was that the terrifying beast in their eyes didn’t attack Qi Aoshuang, but rather swam happily by his side. He swam left and right, following closely behind Qi Ao Shuang, but had no intention to attack. It even seemed friendly!

“What’s going on?” One of the students looked at the departing Qi Aoshuang and Mao Mao with astonishment, unable to make heads or tails of the situation.

The others were also puzzled.

“That youth is this year’s dark horse.” What do you think of his speed? " At this time, the demon student spoke.

“Very quickly.” “Even faster than Jonathan.” Another student replied.

“What do you mean?” The demon student indifferently spat out.

The expressions of the other people finally changed. Everyone looked at each other, seeing the astonishment in each other’s eyes.

“This person is very strong.” The demon student slowly came to a conclusion that was not a conclusion.

“Even if he is strong, the attitude of that monster is too strange!” He didn’t want to bother Dittos and Jonathan because he’d suffered in their hands, so he avoided them. However, this red-haired kid, why didn’t that monster dodge? Instead, they went up to him? “In fact, in fact …” The man said no more. However, everyone was well aware of this fact. The monster even seemed to be trying to curry favor with him.

Was that red-haired youth stronger than Jonathan and Dittos?

Impossible!

Everyone immediately denied what they were thinking.

However, what was going on with the monster happily following by his side?

“Don’t think about it, hurry over now.” That demon man warned them to seize the opportunity.

“Alright.” The man with the injured hand immediately nodded. That monster was terrifyingly powerful. No matter how he attacked, he wouldn’t die. Even if he was on the verge of death, as soon as he came into contact with this swamp, he was once again as lively as a dragon and as strong as a tiger.

At this time, Qi Ao Shuang was still rushing forward.

“Gu gu?” “Gu gu gu gu!?” Momo had been screaming beside Qi Ao Shuang the entire time.

"Momo asks you how did you find those heavy rocks? “To think that you are actually this powerful.” The sky began to translate.

“I comprehended it myself.” Qi Ao Shuang said lightly, then she raised her head and looked ahead, frowning, “How big is this swamp, and how long will it take to get there?”

“Gu gu gu gu ~ ~ ~ Gu gu!” Momo kept shaking her head and cooing.

“Even if you keep going at your current speed, it will still take you more than a day.” “I’m sleepy. I’ll go to sleep first. You better hurry on your way.”

“Coo, coo ~ ~” Momo gently cooed twice before her large head began to sink downwards.

“Momo is going home to rest as well.” “His home is right under the swamp …” Chang Kong muttered softly to himself, then his voice became softer and softer.

More than a day? Qi Ao Shuang slightly frowned. If he didn’t stop for a day, how big was this swamp? Just now when he was comprehending his consciousness, he was only able to sense the place where Dittas had advanced, but he hadn’t seen it before. It would take more than a day at this rate, and the others would take longer.

To persevere for a few days under such terrible conditions, and also to guard against the attack of a terrifying fellow like Momo, was indeed not an easy task. It was not only a physical test, but also a spiritual one. Those who managed to make it through here alive were no ordinary people.

Qi Ao Shuang continued forward, and a blurry shadow appeared in front of her. It was a familiar sight to Qi Ao Shuang.

It was Jonathan.

Qi Ao Shuang stood still. She looked at Jonathan who was standing on a floating rock, but didn’t do anything. After pausing for a moment, she stomped on the rock and used the momentum to jump onto the rock in front of her. Xiao Ao Shuang thought for a moment, but did not follow, only following behind.

However, Jonathan soon noticed something strange behind him. He turned around, squinted his eyes and looked behind. When he saw the silhouette behind him, Jonathan shouted excitedly, “Qi Ao Shuang, is that you?” “Qi Ao Shuang!”

Qi Ao Shuang pouted her mouth helplessly and moved to the front.

“Haha, Qi Ao Shuang, I knew you could do it.” However… Jonathan suddenly frowned, looked at Qi Aoshuang curiously, then suddenly opened his mouth wide and exclaimed in surprise, “No way, you’re faster than me!” I started after me, and now I’m catching up with me. "

“Luck, that’s all.” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan’s surprised expression and said perfunctorily, “I just happened to be able to sense if these rocks are real or not, so I was lucky enough to be a little faster.”

“Oh, is that so?” Jonathan touched his chin and looked at Qi Ao Shuang, blinking his eyes. He did not know what he was thinking.

“Alright, let’s go. We should hurry through here.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan, who was still in a daze.

“Oh, okay.” Jonathan nodded, then frowned and asked seriously, “You can sense the rock and it will move faster than me, right?”

Xiao Ao Shuang didn’t know what Jonathan meant by this question, but seeing how serious Jonathan was, she could only nod her head.

“That’s good, show me the way, you’re fast.” “You can point me the other way as you go. It’s faster.” Jonathan said this very seriously.

The corners of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth twitched, she had never seen such a shameless and serious person.

“Walk by yourself.” Xiao Aushuang threw out a few words in annoyance, and was about to walk away.

“Ah!” No, wait. It will be lonely for you to walk alone. This swamp is very big. It’s so lonely, so lonely, so let’s walk together and talk along the way. " Jonathan shouted from behind.

“I’m not lonely, I’m not lonely, I’m not empty!” Qi Ao Shuang jokingly retorted, “Let’s go, I’m afraid of you. Don’t be like Tang Seng anymore, we can leave together.”

“Tang Monk, who is that?” “Is he like me, a handsome man with a graceful bearing?” Jonathan looked at Qi Aoshuang with expectation and said these words.

Qi Ao Shuang was speechless. She only had one thought in her mind, and that was to not look at this fellow’s face. Thus, he silently rushed forward.

“Wait for me!” Jonathan ran after him.

Just like that, the two of them continued forward.

“Qi Ao Shuang, to be honest, the feeling you give me is very different.” In the end, I wasn’t wrong. You are the second person who managed to pass the eighth level of the smelting trial on your first try. " Jonathan jabbered on after Qi Aoshuang.

“The first is Dittos?” Qi Ao Shuang asked Jonathan casually. It was obvious that Jonathan was trying to get him to ask who the first person was.

“Yeah, sort of.” However, before the two of you, there was another person who passed the eighth level of the trial on his first try. However, after being expelled by the academy, he was no longer considered a student of the academy, and his record is naturally not counted in it. " Jonathan replied lazily, his voice casual. “In fact, in the hearts of the students, that talent is the academy’s pinnacle figure.” “It’s just that the academy doesn’t allow us to talk about him.”

“Oh?” Upon hearing Jonathan’s words, Qi Ao Shuang was intrigued. “Why was he expelled?” Why is it a forbidden topic again? "

“Because he almost destroyed the Star Heavenly Pagoda and injured the headmaster as well as a few elders.” Shocking the world, right? This kind of tragic history was strictly forbidden in school. That’s why less and less people learned of it later on. " Jonathan narrowed his eyes. His eyes seemed to be recalling something.

“You saw it?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked with a frown.

“No, I was still a freshman then.” I only see what happens after it happens. “The Principal and the Elders are all half dead, the Heavenly Star Tower is shaking, and the surroundings are in ruins.” Jonathan shrugged, as if regretting not seeing the battle.

“I want to ask, how old are you now?” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly thought of a question.

“No, ask your age.” A man’s age is a secret. " Jonathan smiled cunningly, but would not say his age.

“Old man…” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a low voice.

“This is called maturity!” “Matured, do you understand?” Jonathan’s ears were sharp. He immediately heard what Qi Ao Shuang said and quickly retorted.

From this, it could be seen that this fellow’s age was definitely not as simple as he looked on the surface. However, it was not strange. The world itself was a wondrous place. As he cultivated deeper into the sect, his physical body naturally reached a certain level of strength that prevented it from aging. If one’s youth were to remain forever, then one would naturally not be able to see their age.

On the afternoon of the second day, the two of them successfully crossed the swamp and passed the eighth level of the trial. Dittos was long gone.

“Let’s go back.” Jonathan tore open the scroll and said lazily, “When we go back to the competition, I reckon it will be the second.” To my great relief, I didn’t have to see Lenny’s old hen’s face again. “Xiao Aushuang, let’s go.” Jonathan tore the scroll apart and slowly disappeared.

“Go back first. I’ll take a look at the ninth floor.” Qi Ao Shuang said softly.

“What?” “Don’t go…” Jonathan heard what Qi Ao Shuang said the last moment before he disappeared. His expression changed drastically, and he was teleported out before he could finish his words.

If he went to the ninth floor with his current strength, he would die without a doubt! Does this kid want to die so badly? The last thing Jonathan saw when he was teleported out was the calm face of Qi Ao Shuang. He felt both angry and worried at the same time, but there was also a hint of sadness in his heart.

After the teleportation, Jonathan appeared at the designated place next to the Sky Tower. There, the coaches would take turns to change shifts and pick up the students who came out.

“What a pity, what a pity …” Jonathan shook his head and sighed.

“Eight stars.” The instructor next to him quickly determined Jonathan’s test results. The instructor knew Jonathan. He kept shaking his head and sighing. He asked doubtfully, “Jonathan, what happened to you?” I’ve never seen you sigh like this. “Did he almost pass the ninth level?”

“Alright, stop teasing me. Teacher, it’s not like you don’t know about it. Even Dittos has no way of going over.” Jonathan shook his head and sighed. Before he could finish his words, Jonathan stopped.

What’s a pity? What was he regretting? It was a pity that a powerful student like Qi Ao Shuang had gone to the ninth floor to die?

Pah! He would never be so merciful! What does the life and death of others have to do with me? What was he regretting?

Jonathan scratched his head and closed his eyes in distress. Suddenly, he did not understand what he was regretting.

“What’s a pity?” The instructor could not help but ask when he saw Jonathan’s distressed expression.

“Nothing, hur hur, nothing.” Jonathan laughed dryly, and was about to leave.

“Don’t forget to participate in the 8-star competition after the exam.” The instructor was baffled by Jonathan’s strange behavior, but still reminded him dutifully from behind.

“Got it.” Jonathan rushed off.

At this moment, looking at the bright exit, Qi Ao Shuang knew that it was the exit to the ninth floor. After finding a corner to sleep and recover her spirit, Xiao Ao Shuang did not hesitate and prepared to take a step forward.

At this time, a clear and bright voice was heard, “Go back, don’t go there.”

“Who?” Qi Ao Shuang was shocked, she suddenly looked up and looked around. But there was no one around. And that voice rang in his mind.

“Go back, you can’t go there now.” The clear and bright voice rang out once more, carrying with it an indescribable charm.

“Who are you?” Qi Ao Shuang slightly frowned, feeling shocked in her heart. Who was this person? He was completely unaware of his existence! In this academy, if it wasn’t Dittas, he would be number one. Isn’t Dittas the strongest person in the academy?

Then, who was the person who was speaking to him right now? This man’s strength was probably far beyond his own. This was because Xiao Ao Shuang could not sense his presence at all, nor could she sense where he was speaking to her.

Who was this man with a pleasant voice?

Why did he feel a sense of familiarity?