Volume 1

Chapter 281

Stunning Edge - C281

In the middle of the night, Qi Ao Shuang laid on her bed, unable to fall asleep for a long time.

This night’s performance by Ditto sent an indescribable feeling into Qi Ao Shuang’s heart. I don’t know how to describe this behavior. Only one thing was certain, and that was that Dittas was a martial arts fanatic. Something had been thrown away in pursuit of power. Among them was love.

This person seemed to have his own rules for the division of emotions. The reason why Lenny was allowed to stay by his side and help Lenny pass the eighth level of the Heavenly Pagoda was because he felt that he owed Lenny a favor. However, once he was done with his favor, he could do something as heartless as this. Towards the attitude of his sister’s child, it was also thought-provoking. What Dittos was saying was that the child didn’t care what happened to her, but it wouldn’t hurt her sister.

Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she thought of something terrifying. For the sake of his sister, Dittens was courteous to the young master. What if one day, Dittas thought, the relationship between him and his sister came to an end? Assuming that Dittos cared about his sister because of her sister’s care, if he felt that the relationship was over. What would that do?

Thinking of this, a chill crept up Qi Ao Shuang’s back.

What kind of person was Dittas?

In order to pursue the peak of power, would he really be heartless and heartless? In his previous life, Qi Ao Shuang had heard of that kind of abnormal martial arts fanatic. Some people, in order to pursue extreme martial arts, would cut off all emotions, and some even killed all their relatives. In order to no longer have any worries, they would climb the peak of strength.

Was it possible that Dittas was one of these people?

For the next few days, Dittens helped with Nine Heavens City’s preparations. Jonathan took Qi Ao Shuang shopping, eating and talking to beautiful women all day long. As for Lani’s disappearance, Dittas’ sister was very worried. She sent people to look for him, and also sent people back to Lani’s house to inquire about it. Keira, the kid, had been clamoring all day for Lenny. No one suspected Dittos.

Everyone in the mayor’s mansion knew that Dittas had no interest in Lenny. Who would have thought that Dittas would invite Lenny out in the middle of the night? Naturally, no one doubted Dittas.

A week later, Dittos offered to return to the Institute.

“Dittas, you, you’re not waiting for Lenny?” Now Lenny hasn’t been found, and her father says Lenny never came home. " Elisa asked with a frown. Eliza had always taken Lenny’s feelings for Dittas to heart. Although the child was a little cold and arrogant, he was not picky with his looks and family background. It had been so long since he had been with Dittas that it was clear how much he loved him. And now Dittos was indifferent to Lenny’s disappearance. Naturally, Eliza was not happy.

“Maybe she already went back to the academy by herself.” Dittens said indifferently.

“Impossible!” The child could never leave without giving me an answer. " Eliza immediately denied it.

“Then how should I know?” I’m going back to the academy first. I’m about to start the competition after the exam. After I finish this, I’ll be back. " Dittens did not want to dwell on this issue any longer.

“Dittos …!” Elisa wanted to say something but stopped herself.

“I’ll be leaving first.” Dittos nodded, bowed slightly, and then turned to leave.

Qi Ao Shuang and Jonathan nodded and left.

Elisa opened her mouth as if she wanted to say something, but in the end, she just silently watched as Dittas’s figure disappeared from the entrance. Every time Dittos left, he left by himself, not allowing Elisa to send him off. Elisa stood where she was, frowning as she looked at the empty door.

Dittas, this child, who was he really like? Sometimes, he felt that he was terrifyingly calm.

Just like that, the three of them returned to Star Academy, and Lenny never appeared again.

After returning to the academy, Qi Ao Shuang asked about the dorm and found that Wynes had returned.

“Qi Ao Shuang, where did you go?” “Just returned from the Sky Tower?” Wynes greeted him happily, six small golden stars already attached to his school uniform.

“No, I went to Nine Heavens City.” Qi Ao Shuang sat down, smiled at Wynes and said, “Congratulations, you have become a 6-star student.”

“Hehe, this is all thanks to you. Thank you for teaching me so much.” Wynes poured a glass of water for Qi Ao Shuang and said happily.

“If I recall correctly, Bethany is also a 6-star.” Qi Ao Shuang accepted the water and drank a mouthful of water before asking jokingly.

“Hehe, hehe ~” Wynes scratched his head in embarrassment. However, there was an unconcealable look of satisfaction and happiness on his face.

“By the way, Qi Ao Shuang, why are you going to the Nine Heavens City?” It’s going to take a long time, so you’re already out of the Tower? I’ve only been out for a week. You’ve been to and from the Nine Heavens City? “You, what star are you now?” Wynes asked excitedly.

“Eight stars.” Qi Ao Shuang replied with a smile.

“Ah!” Haha! “Awesome, as expected!” Wei Ansi laughed out loud in excitement, looking at Xiao Ao Shuang happily shouting, “I knew you were not simple, you are really amazing.” I heard that a student who participated in this trial for the first time got an 8-star exam. I didn’t expect it to be you. No, I should think about it! “It’s not surprising that you’re so powerful.”

Qi Ao Shuang just smiled and didn’t say anything else. She felt that Wynes was really happy for her.

“Qi Ao Shuang, the competition will start in another month.” “I think you can definitely achieve a good result. Haha, maybe you can even win against Dittos.” “You’re the biggest dark horse of the year.” One must know that in the past, only Dittos had received an 8-star evaluation on his first attempt at participating in the survival training. “You are the second. You will definitely surpass him.” The more Wynes talked, the more excited he became.

Xiao Ao Shuang smiled and shook her head, saying lightly: “Wynes, there are two things that are wrong with your words.”

“Huh?” “What’s wrong?” Wynes wondered.

"Firstly, I am well aware of the difference between me and Dittas. I am no match for him. “Second, I am not the one who obtained the 8-star evaluation on my first attempt at the exam. Before Dittancz, there was another person.”

“What?” “Who?” “I’ve never heard of such a thing. Even those seniors I’ve interacted with recently, no one knows about it.” At this point, Wynes pursed his lips and added, "I’m a 6-star student now, so a lot of people are willing to strike up a good relationship with me. “My strength has indeed improved greatly.”

"That’s the way of people. “A lot of people climb up and down.” Qi Ao Shuang sighed softly, before saying solemnly, “I don’t know who the person who passed the 8th level of the Heavenly Pagoda was.” “That person is currently a forbidden topic in the academy. You’d better not ask others, or cause trouble.”

“Oh.” “Alright.” Wynes nodded and stopped asking.

“Prepare well for a good result among the 6-star students.” If she were your opponent, what would you do? “” I don’t know. Qi Ao Shuang laughed as she teased Wynes.

“Huh?” “That, that, that …” Wynes’s face instantly turned red. He scratched his ears and face, seemingly at a loss.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Wynes in amusement. With such a shy personality, would he really be able to successfully catch up to Bethany? Looks like I need to help him in a timely manner.

For the next month or so, Dickens and Jonathan came to see Qi Ao Shuang, and then the three of them appeared in the campus cafeteria, the library, the training grounds … The three of them naturally attracted the attention of countless people. The three young men with outstanding appearances were peerless in their time, and the countless young women were even more restless.

Even more male students were trying to figure out what was going on. Why Lenny, who had been with Dittos and Jonathan, was gone, replaced by the red-haired boy.

It wasn’t until the end of a month’s training time, the end of the competition, that the list of names was announced, that everyone came to a sudden realization. It was even more of a sensation.

That red-haired youth had passed the eighth level his first time participating in the trial. Moreover, he actually took second place in the following competition. He had defeated all the previous 8-star students, including Jonathan! The first was still Dittos.

When the list was announced, the entire academy was in an uproar. Everyone was struggling to find out who exactly this Qi Aoshuang was. He was actually able to defeat Jonathan and the others in one fell swoop. He was ranked second among the eight stars!

“Who is Qi Ao Shuang?”

“The second one is not Jonathan, but Qi Ao Shuang?” “Who’s that?”

“No way, who was so amazing that he actually pulled Jonathan off his horse?”

“Qi Ao Shuang, I’ve never heard of this name.” “Who is it?”

“That’s right, I’ve never seen such a result before. Could it be that this is the first time I’ve participated in a smelting trial and obtained such results?!”

Discussions broke out all around them, creating a huge ruckus.

Talina stood underneath the public display screen, staring blankly at the second name on the huge board for a long time without moving half a step.

“No wonder he’s so arrogant. So he really has some skill.” Yuna stood by Tanja’s side and spoke in a rather complicated manner. The embarrassing scene from that day was still vivid in his mind. He thought that Qi Ao Shuang was ungrateful and ungrateful, but in the end, he was the one who asked the woman to help them. He never thought that he would be able to pass the eighth level of the Heavenly Pagoda in one go, and also become the campus’s number two figure. No wonder he was so calm in the cafeteria.

Looking at the words “Qi Ao Shuang” on the leaderboard, Tanina’s heart was filled with complex emotions. So it turned out that the difference between him and him was that huge. He was already an 8-star, but he had only acquired a 5-star.

“Haha, Qi Ao Shuang, I knew you could do it.” Eight stars! “Treat, you have to treat.” A cheerful and sweet voice reached everyone’s ears.

Looking towards the source of the voice, she saw a sweet-looking pure love girl shaking Qi Ao Shuang’s arm …

He said happily. Who is that girl?

“That’s Parina, one of the four school beauties.” Yuna said in a low voice.

Talena looked at Qi Ao Shuang from afar, her heart filled with disappointment. When everyone heard the name, they all turned to look at him. Look at the biggest dark horse of the year.

“Don’t be like this. Look, that red-haired kid’s face is full of impatience. The two of them aren’t the kind of relationship you think they are.” Seeing her like this, Una hurriedly comforted her.

“What, what did you say?” What do they have to do with me? " A trace of uneasiness flashed across her face, and she hurriedly tried to distinguish it.

"Well, I’m not blind. “What attitude do you have towards that brat? Do you think I can’t tell?” Una shook her head and sighed.

Talena became silent, not saying another word, only watching Qi Ao Shuang and Parina from afar.

“No time, no money.” Xiao Ao Shuang pushed away the hand that was holding onto her arm and coldly said.

“Hey, don’t forget, you owe me one!” Seeing Qi Ao Shuang’s attitude, Parina immediately frowned and said in a cold voice. What lousy reason was this! There was no money! Wasn’t it embarrassing for this annoying fellow to say something like that?

Qi Ao Shuang went silent.

“No money, I’ll treat you, okay?” I’ll give you my congratulations. “Let’s go eat!” Parina took hold of Qi Ao Shuang’s arm again.

“You can return the favor by eating.” Qi Ao Shuang shook off Lina’s hand once again and impatiently led the way.

“Hey, you think it’s beautiful!” “I’m the one who invited you to dinner. Do you think that you can repay your debt so easily?” Parina hurried after him.

Tarina watched them leave, her expression dark.

The surrounding boys stared at the back of Qi Ao Shuang with envious and jealous eyes. The school belle, Parina, had taken the initiative to date him. Although they were dissatisfied with Xiao Ao Shuang’s arrogant actions, no one dared to take the initiative to provoke her. Who asked him to be the second ranked student in the academy? The young ladies around them looked at Qi Ao Shuang with longing and longing in their eyes.

“Tarina, you are.” Since he liked it, he had to take the initiative. “You still have a chance. Look at Qi Ao Shuang, she clearly doesn’t have any interest in Parina.” Looking at the worried look on Tanja’s face, Yunya couldn’t help but feel infuriated.

“I …” Tarina lowered her eyes, unable to speak.

"You are from the same sect. He sent people to help you, proving that his attitude towards you is different. “You have to make good use of this opportunity. Think about it, his appearance is outstanding, and now he has achieved such good results. I wonder how many girls are eyeing him like prey.” Yunya continued to persuade him.

“Don’t say any more, Eugenia, I see.” Tarina had a complicated look on her face.

Una sighed softly.

Xiao Ao Shuang and Parina walked out of the crowd, while Parina chattered, “Xiao Ao Shuang, let’s go eat.”

“What’s your meal at this hour?” Qi Ao Shuang replied bluntly.

“Then can’t you come with me?” Parina frowned and said unhappily.

“He doesn’t have time. He’s coming with me to the dean’s office.” A voice suddenly and coldly interrupted her. Surprised, Parina abruptly turned around, only to see the calm and handsome face of Dittas. It was Jonathan who stood behind Dittos.

“You!” Parina was about to say something, but could not say anything in response to the cold look in Dittas’s eyes. It was just a light glance, but it gave Parina an indescribable sense of pressure, causing her heart to tremble uncontrollably.

“Let’s go, Qi Ao Shuang.” Dittens said calmly.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded.

The three of them turned around and left. Looking at their retreating backs, Parina stomped her feet. This hateful Dittas, hateful! Parina stared at Dittas’s back angrily, cursing in her heart.

“Don’t be tied down by boring love.” While walking on the road, Dittens said these words coldly.

Jonathan opened his mouth wide. How could Dittas be like this?