Volume 1

Chapter 288

Stunning Edge - C288

The figure disappeared from the spot, and the room remained silent. While Xiao Ao Shuang was sleeping, she did not notice that anyone had come.

Outside the city, two figures were chasing after each other. He kept his distance until he entered a small, dark forest.

The person in front finally stopped and stood with his hands behind his back, but he did not turn around.

Jin Yan, who was chasing after them, also stopped and looked at the people before him silently.

“You, why are you chasing me?” The man in front spat out those words softly.

“Who are you?” Jin Yan frowned slightly as he looked at the person in front of him, his eyes burning.

“Is it important who it is?” the man in front whispered.

Jin Yan was silent.

“I bear her no ill will.” the man said in a low voice.

“I know.” Jin Yan affirmed with a deep voice, “On the contrary, I still have some concerns.” Jin Yan voiced the question in his heart. Who was this man? Why is the attitude towards the young lady so strange?

“That’s fine.” For the time being, don’t get involved in the Star Academy’s affairs. I’ll take care of it, and when the time comes, you’ll understand. “At that time, it won’t be too late for you to make a move.” The person in front said slowly.

“It’s you!” “You are the mysterious man that Miss talked about!” Jin Yan was shocked, “You were the one who almost destroyed the Star Heavenly Pagoda back then?!” No wonder this person’s strength was unfathomable. If it weren’t for the fact that his soul had been ejected and was abnormally sensitive, he wouldn’t have noticed that he was standing in the young lady’s bedroom. And the chase just now was clearly because he hadn’t tried his best. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to keep up with him. He stopped here to wait for her. Was there something he wanted to say to her?

“Yes.” It’s been a long time. " “The Skysplit Tower must be destroyed.”

“Why?” Jin Yan’s heart tightened. The mysterious man in front of him clearly knew some inside information, but what was inside information?

“You’ll know eventually.” “Before that, protect her.” After the mysterious man finished speaking, his figure instantly vanished from where he stood. Only the cool breeze blew by and the soft rustling of the leaves could be heard.

Jin Yan hastily took a few steps forward, unable to detect the aura of the mysterious man.

Who was he?

Why are you so concerned about the young mistress?

Why did he feel a sense of déjà vu?

A deja vu? How could he have such absurd thoughts?

After standing in the forest for a long time, Jin Yan slowly returned, his heart filled with doubt.

The next morning, crisp sounds of birds could be heard. Sunlight shone through the windows and onto the floor. Qi Ao Shuang slowly opened her eyes, looked at the gorgeous bed curtain above her, then slowly stood up with a yawn.

A soft voice came from outside the door.

“Who are you?”

It seemed to be the voice of Dittas.

Qi Ao Shuang’s heart tightened as she suddenly remembered that Jin Yan hadn’t even touched their heads last night. With his somewhat eccentric personality, Dittins might even clash with Jin Yan.

Xiao Ao Shuang hurriedly got off the bed and opened the door. As expected, she saw the cold face of Dittos.

Jin Yan stood silently by Qi Ao Shuang’s door. He wore a cold expression. He didn’t reply to Dentance’s question.

“Dittos.” Xiao Ao Shuang called out.

“Qi Ao Shuang, who is this person?” Stay by your door. " Dittos frowned slightly as a trace of darkness flashed in his eyes.

“It’s my attendant, Jin Yan.” Qi Ao Shuang thought about it for a moment before following Jin Yan’s instructions to introduce him.

“Attendant?” “Oh.” When he heard this, his expression eased a little. From the looks of it, what this person called Jin Yan had done just now was indeed like a loyal attendant.

“Ahhh ~ ~ ~ ~ Ohhhh ~ ~ ~ ~ ~” Jonathan stretched and yawned. A strange cry came from his mouth as he walked out of his room. His eyes were squinted and his face was filled with satisfaction. When he opened his eyes and saw the three of them, he was stunned.

“What are you all doing?” “Eh, who is this?” Jonathan looked at Jin Yan curiously.

“Just Qi Ao Shuang’s attendant.” “Alright, let’s go eat. We’ll take a look at the layout of the venue.”

Jin Yan stood silently to the side.

Jonathan looked doubtfully at Dittos and then at Ember.

“I’ll wash my face first.” Qi Ao Shuang turned around and walked in.

“Then we’ll wait for you in the restaurant.” Jonathan said.

“Alright.”

After Dittos and Jonathan left, Jin Yan lowered his head and crossed his arms before his chest. He silently leaned against the wall beside Xiao Ao Shuang’s door, silently waiting.

Dittos glanced at Jin Yan from afar, deep in thought.

At the dinner table, Jonathan was chewing on food with narrowed eyes. His expression was satisfied, but he didn’t know what he was thinking about.

Dittos ate his breakfast quietly, the corner of his eye looking in the direction of Qi Ao Shuang.

Jin Yan stood behind Qi Ao Shuang, pouring hot tea for her with a natural expression. The sweet scent of roses is intoxicating.

Rose tea.

Qi Ao Shuang raised her head to look at Jin Yan and smiled knowingly.

A faint smile appeared on Jin Yan’s ice-cold face. After pouring the tea, Jin Yan silently retreated behind Qi Ao Shuang.

All of this fell into Dittas’ eyes, and Dittas’ eyes became a little darker.

After eating breakfast, he prepared to head to the largest martial arts arena in the west side of the city.

The three of them got into a carriage. Jin Yan sat beside the horse driver, still not speaking.

When they arrived at the Martial Skill Grounds, the carriages had just stopped when someone came forward to welcome them. The three of them walked in front while Jin Yan followed silently behind. Looking around the venue, Jonathan yawned impatiently, looking around in boredom. Dittos was expressionless as he looked through everything. It was impossible to tell what he was thinking.

“Jonathan, go and talk to the manager at the meeting, over there …”

“Qi Ao Shuang, go take a look as well. Let Jonathan explain to you.” Dittos ordered.

“Alright.” The two of them nodded. Qi Ao Shuang was about to follow Jonathan, while Jin Yan was about to follow.

“Other than the envoys from the Star Academy, no one else is allowed to enter.” Dittos’ cold voice floated over.

Jin Yan turned his head slightly and glanced at Dittins, but Dittins remained cold and expressionless.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jin Yan and smiled faintly, “Jin Yan, it’s alright. Wait for me here. I’ll be back in a moment.”

Jin Yan nodded. “Yes, Young Master.”

After Jonathan and Qi Ao Shuang left, Dittens withdrew his gaze and slowly turned his head to look at Jin Yan.

Jin Yan slowly raised his head and looked into the incomparably cold eyes of Dittens.

“You, pay attention to your identity.” “If you let Xiao Ao Shuang distract me, I will kill you.” There was no ripple in the cold voice of Dittos. The only difference was that the Concourse of the Underworld was so obvious. This so-called ‘attendant’ suddenly appeared, and the feeling he had with Qi Ao Shuang made him feel uncomfortable. One thing was certain. Qi Ao Shuang cared a lot about this man. If this man was to implicate Qi Ao Shuang, she would definitely eliminate him without any hesitation!

With a faint smile, Jin Yan softly asked, “What is your relationship with my family’s young master?”

“He’s the only one I admit to.”

“Then does he admit you?” The corners of Jin Yan’s mouth curled into a mocking smile.

“You don’t have to worry about that.” Of course, according to what Dylan knew, Qi Ao Shuang had to acknowledge him.

“Do you know what young master wants the most?” Do you know why young master had to step into the Space Shattering Realm? “Do you really think that Young Master is the same person as you?” The mocking smile on the corner of Jin Yan’s mouth became even more obvious.

In the next instant, an enormous aura suddenly assaulted Jin Yan. Endless terrifying killing intent enveloped Jin Yan’s entire body at this moment. A trace of blood slowly appeared on Jin Yan’s handsome face. A trace of blood silently flowed out in fear.

However, Jin Yan didn’t have any reaction. His face was still filled with a faint mocking smile.

The two of them stared at each other, neither of them showing any intention of dodging.

“What are all of you doing?” In the distance, Qi Ao Shuang’s anxious voice could be heard.

Dickens withdrew his aura in an instant, turned around and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang with a faint smile, “It’s nothing. Your attendant is not bad.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jin Yan through Dentance. She saw the trace of blood on Jin Yan’s face, but Jin Yan’s expression was relaxed. In the end, Xiao Ao Shuang glanced at Dittas but didn’t say anything else.

After the tour, Jonathan called out that he had finished the day’s work and went shopping to see what the shop had to offer. Jonathan went into the shop excitedly. Behind him was an emotionless group of Dittas and his men. Originally, Dotans would not do such boring things, but Qi Ao Shuang came with Jonathan, so he stayed.

Inside the jewelry store.

“Haha, Qi Ao Shuang, take a look at this, this is quite suitable for you.” Jonathan sounded excited.

When Qi Aushuang looked at it, Jonathan was pointing to a lilac necklace.

“It suits your earring very well.” Haha. “Anyway, you’re more beautiful than a woman.” Jonathan said.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes stopped. A lilac necklace …

Qi Ao Shuang slowly touched her earring and fell silent.

“Jonathan, if you keep talking nonsense, cut off your tongue.” Dittos spat out coldly.

Jonathan stuck out his tongue and said nothing. Looking at the silent Qi Ao Shuang, Jonathan thought that his claim that Qi Ao Shuang was even prettier than women made him angry. That’s true. Which man wouldn’t be angry when they said he was prettier than a woman?

“Let’s go.” After saying that, Qi Ao Shuang turned around and left. Jin Yan lowered his head as he followed.

Jonathan hurried after her.

Dittos looked at the lilac necklace and thought of the earring on Qi Ao Shuang’s ear. Is there a problem with that earring?

Qi Ao Shuang slowly walked on the street, looking at the scene before her, lost in thought.

Jin Yan chased after him and said in a low voice, “Young Master, you want to be cold?”

Qi Ao Shuang did not deny it, and nodded.

“Then Young Master, do you want Breezy?” Yet, Jin Yan suddenly said something else.

Qi Ao Shuang was slightly startled.

“Young master, sooner or later, you will have to choose one of these two people…” Jin Yan’s words were very, very soft.

“I …” Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned and stopped.