Volume 1

Chapter 284

Stunning Edge - C284

Looking at Ah’Bao who had his mouth covered, a trace of undetectable doubt flashed across his eyes.

“Alright, Po, be good.” “If you don’t want to wear it, then don’t. You go in first.” “Eat something good tonight.”

“Meow, alright.” “But I want to play with Ao Shuang later.” Ah’Bao nodded his head in agreement and didn’t forget to open the deal.

“Alright, alright, you can go in now.” Heaven Breaker could only agree.

After Ah’Bao entered, Po turned around and looked at the two. The helpless and awkward smile on his face was no longer there. Instead, it was replaced with a calm and collected expression.

“Ao Shuang, not bad. You’ve already passed the eighth level of the trial.” Heaven Breaker smiled appreciatively at Qi Ao Shuang, then turned to Diantz. “I wonder what business does the Star Academy have with me?”

“It has nothing to do with official matters, I came here to accompany Xiao Aushuang to take a look.” “Yes, sir,” Dittos replied indifferently.

“Oh?” Heaven Breaker was somewhat taken aback by these words. All this time, Dittas had always been the Star Academy’s envoy and refused to be seen as a thousand miles away. He had never been polite or talked too much to the people of the four cities. To think that he would actually say such words today and accompany Qi Aushuang to take a look, and it wasn’t official business at all? This was too strange. What about the cold, beautiful woman who had been with Dittas all this time? It seemed to be something called Lenny, how come there’s no one there?

Dittos ignored Heaven Breaker’s questions and stood silently to the side.

Heaven Breaker’s attitude wasn’t strange at all. Instead, he turned around and continued speaking to Qi Ao Shuang: “Ao Shuang, why are you with him?” “Could it be that you also …”

“Mm, I am also the envoy this time.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded.

The astonishment in Heaven Breaker’s eyes grew even more intense. Qi Ao Shuang actually ranked among the top three of the 8-star students. So what’s the rank? What about the other two? And Lenny and Jonathan?

“By the way, Heaven Breaker, where’s Artis?” I also want to thank him in person. " Qi Ao Shuang looked toward the hall behind Heaven Breaker, but she didn’t see Artis.

“At the inn, with the disciples of the Heaven’s Path Sect. They will be here later.” “There are also some disciples from the Celestial Sect who wish to represent our Heavenly Treasure City in this competition.” Heaven Breaker looked at Qi Ao Shuang and asked, “Oh right, you came to find Artis?”

“No, I came to see you and ask if there’s anything I can help you with.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled.

“Haha, thank you so much.” Your current strength is indeed not weak. To be able to rise to such a level in such a short period of time, it is truly unbelievable. “However, this time, I don’t need you to do anything. I think we can take care of it ourselves.” Heaven Breaker started laughing.

“That’s good. If you need my help, feel free to speak up.” It goes without saying that Qi Ao Shuang’s gratitude towards Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao went without saying.

“Definitely, definitely.” “Come on, let’s go in and have a seat. We’ll have dinner here tonight.” Heaven Breaker replied with a smile, but the glint in his eyes betrayed him.

Xiao Ao Shuang couldn’t help but laugh, “Heaven Breaker, you actually don’t want me to enter, right?” When you saw Ah’Bao throwing himself at me, you went crazy. Why would you want me to go in and have a good time with Ah’Bao? " Xiao Ao Shuang had mercilessly exposed Heaven Breaker’s thoughts. In his heart, he couldn’t help but secretly laugh. This guy was so unfathomable the first time he saw him, but this matter about Ah’Bao was so childish and adorable.

“Haha, hehe, is that so?” “No?” Heaven Breaker laughed dryly as he laughed heartily.

“Alright, I can’t see through your thoughts.” Just tell Po I have work to do. I said I’d come to see her some other day. " Xiao Aushuang laughed.

“Alright, take care.” This time, Heaven Breaker gave a straightforward answer.

Xiao Ao Shuang speechlessly rolled her eyes, turned around and looked at Dittos, “Let’s go, Dittens, don’t talk to this guy who has no humanity to the people of the opposite sex.”

Dylan followed behind Qi Ao Shuang silently and left the east hall.

Heaven Breaker watched Qi Ao Shuang leave with a smile. When Qi Ao Shuang’s figure disappeared, he hurriedly turned around to leave. In his heart, he was naturally eager for Qi Ao Shuang to stay away from Ah’Bao. What a joke, Xiao Ao Shuang’s situation was special right now. Although her soul was a woman, but her body was a real man. Just a moment ago, I wiped off so much oil from Ah’Bao. Wuuuuu, how miserable. Now, he could take advantage of the situation to get back at them! Go back and carry your Po. Heaven Breaker hurried back.

After Xiao Ao Shuang and Dentance left the Eastern Courtyard, Xiao Ao Shuang had a smile on his face, appearing to be in a good mood. “The lord of the Heavenly Treasure City will never be able to step into the Space Shattering Realm in this life.”

“Why do you say that?” Qi Ao Shuang turned to look at the calm Dittas.

"He is worried. His love is his greatest restraint. My mind is all on that woman. " Dittos coldly said these words.

“Hur hur.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled, looked at Dotans and said, “If you have any ties, you can’t step into the Space Shattering Realm. Do you think that makes sense?”

Not waiting for the expression on Dittas’ face to change, Qi Ao Shuang continued, “He probably never thought of stepping into the Space Shattering Realm.” Because he had achieved his goal in this life. He’s doing fine, that’s enough. "

“Frog at the bottom of the well!” Dittos frowned and said coldly, “Could it be that you, too, only need to live a good life?” “He doesn’t pursue the Space Shattering Realm?”

Qi Ao Shuang stopped after seeing the expression on his face. Dittos also stopped and frowned at Qi Ao Shuang.

"Dittas, although I don’t agree with your methods of cultivation, I am heartless and heartless. However, I have a reason why I had to step into the Space Shattering Realm. Therefore, I will definitely step into the Space Shattering Realm. “Definitely!” At this point, the smile on Xiao Ao Shuang’s face was gone, replaced by an unspeakable determination.

For a long time, Dotans stared at Xiao Ao Shuang, but he didn’t speak or move.

Qi Ao Shuang also looked at Dittas in silence, but her eyes were filled with determination.

“Qi Ao Shuang, I believe you.” “You and I will definitely both step into the Space Shattering Realm.” A hint of a smile suddenly appeared on Dittas’ handsome face, causing one’s heart to ripple.

Qi Ao Shuang smiled, and without saying anything else, she started walking forward. Dittos followed, a knowing smile on his face.

Walking on the street, Qi Ao Shuang surveyed her surroundings. When the passersby saw their attire, they automatically let them pass. Just as Qi Ao Shuang’s gaze stopped at a pharmacy, a familiar voice sounded in her ears, sounding exasperated, “Qi Ao Shuang!” “I finally caught you!”

Xiao Ao Shuang turned around and saw Parina, who was rushing towards him in a huff.

A trace of gloominess flashed in Dentance’s eyes.

"I owe her a favor. “As long as it’s over.” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly said in a low voice. It was because she could see the dark glint in Dittas’s eyes from the side. As Chang Kong had said, Ditanse was a very, very dangerous and cold person. For some reason, when Dittas saw a glint of gloom in Parina’s eyes, a chill arose in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart. Parina was sometimes more willful, but she was generally a good person.

“Oh, that’s good.” “I’ll head back first. You have to deal with it as soon as possible.” Dittos expressionlessly spat out these words. However, the gloominess in her eyes had already disappeared, and the coldness in her heart had also vanished in an instant. Xiao Ao Shuang understood that what she said earlier was true. When Dittens heard that Qi Ao Shuang only felt that she owed Palina a favor, he didn’t say anything else.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang only replied faintly.

When Parina arrived in front of Qi Ao Shuang, she stomped her feet and asked, “Qi Ao Shuang, why didn’t you wait for me at the school gate?”

“Oh, is there?” I didn’t see you at the door. " Qi Ao Shuang lied without any hesitation.

“You!” Parina hopped in anger.

“Let’s go.”

“Where to?”

“I’ll treat you to a meal and return the favor.” Qi Ao Shuang’s face was expressionless.

“I’ll stab you with my fork!” Parina was so angry that she wanted to jump up again, “You bastard, I didn’t come looking for you to ask you out for a meal.” Besides, do you think you can repay my favor by treating me to a meal? I helped you save four people. You have to figure out that it’s four people!

“I didn’t ask you to save that much. I only asked you to save Tanin.” Qi Ao Shuang retorted.

“You!” “You bastard!” Parina was so angry that she opened her eyes wide and glared at Xiao Ao Shuang. She didn’t understand what was wrong with her. Why was he always so easily angered by this fellow? “I don’t care. I helped you save four people that day.” And that includes the Tarina you’re trying to save. "

“What?” A cry of surprise came from the side, and it was a familiar voice from Qi Ao Shuang.

Xiao Aushuang had a headache, what was going on today? One troublesome woman after another came to him. It was Tarina!

“You, are you the woman who saved us on the lake that day?” “You, the day you put on your makeup?” At some point, Tarina had stood beside them and was looking at Parina in astonishment.

The corner of Parina’s mouth twitched in displeasure. There were so many people on the street, yet she was so focused on making a ruckus with Xiao Ao Shuang that she didn’t notice anyone approaching her. It was this annoying woman!

“Yeah, so what?” What’s the matter with you ungrateful fellows? Get out of the way. “It’s Qi Ao Shuang who owes me, not you.” Parina crossed her arms in front of her chest and looked at Tarrina impatiently with slanted eyes. She was extremely dissatisfied with the way the woman in front of her looked at her every time she saw her. Her eyes were filled with love, and even a woman would know what she meant. Xiao Ao Shuang even told him to save this woman. Hmph, the relationship between the two must not be simple. How infuriating!

“Senior Sister, why are you here?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the shocked face of Tanina and asked indifferently. Behind her was a woman who looked rather familiar. He seemed to have seen one of them during the examination.

“I, the Tian Dao Sect, live at the inn right in front of us.” “So …” Seeing the calm look on Qi Ao Shuang’s face, Tanina’s heart felt very complicated. The bitter woman who had saved them was Parina, one of the school beauties. Would she use this favor to blackmail Qi Ao Shuang into doing something that would put Qi Ao Shuang in a difficult position? If so …! Tarina’s fists were already clenched tightly. If that was the case, she definitely wouldn’t agree. If only he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have accepted Parina’s help!

“Oh, right in front?” “I’ll be there in a moment.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled and nodded, then turned to Talina and said, “I’ll go repay the favor of Parina. I’ll be back in a moment.”

“Alright.” A smile immediately appeared on Talena’s face, brimming with joy and anticipation.

“Hey!” Qi Ao Shuang, I’ve made up my mind! “I’ve thought it through. Why did you return the favor?!” When she saw the two of them like this, her heart was filled with rage. She immediately blurted out these words.

“Oh?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked.

Tarina’s heart tightened. When she saw the smug look in Parina’s eyes, she began to panic. This woman, what did she want to do?

“That is …” With a crafty smile, Parina reached out her hand and grabbed Qi Ao Shuang’s arm. She raised her chin and said loudly to Tanina, “My request is very simple. I want you to be my boyfriend!”

Tarina’s pupils suddenly contracted, but her heart felt as if it had been stabbed by needles. She blankly stared at the proud Perina. Boyfriend? She actually wanted to make Qi Ao Shuang her girlfriend?! Just because Xiao Ao Shuang asked her to help him, was that the price?

No! How can this be! In this instant, the blood drained from her face, and her entire body began to tremble. Absolutely not!

“Impossible.” With a cold voice, Qi Ao Shuang expressionlessly pulled her arm out of Parina’s embrace.

“You promised to repay this favor, are you trying to be shameless?!” When she saw him, she became anxious.

Talina was stunned. Looking at the indifferent expression on Qi Ao Shuang’s face and hearing the firm and cold tone of Qi Ao Shuang, her heart was instantly drowned in intense joy.

“I meant to repay you back, but I didn’t say I was going to do it this way.” Qi Ao Shuang’s face was cold and expressionless.

“What if I insist on you returning my favor this way?!” Parina was extremely angry that Qi Ao Shuang rejected her so bluntly. She was so angry that her face turned red. She stomped her feet and pressed on.

"If you insist, then I won’t be able to repay your favor. “There was only one result.” A cold smile suddenly appeared on Qi Ao Shuang’s face. Beautiful and deadly as a poppy, both Tarina and Parina were distraught.

“I can’t repay your favor, so …” Xiao Ao Shuang leaned close to Parina, gently opening her thin lips and spitting out a sentence that made her expression change abruptly.