Volume 1

Chapter 286

Stunning Edge - C286

Qi Ao Shuang looked around. There was a bustling crowd, but none of them were special. The speaker did not see it.

“Who are you?” Xiao Ao Shuang stood on the spot, frowning slightly as she whispered to the air in front of her.

“Tell your friend’s brother not to be in such a hurry to step into the Space Shattering Realm and stall for time.” There will be a day when the truth will come out. " The clear and sonorous voice did not answer Xiao Aoshuang’s question, but after transmitting this message, it no longer spoke. No matter how low Qi Ao Shuang exclaimed, it was no longer the same.

Who exactly was this person? And to what extent had his strength reached? On both occasions, he could only hear the voice and not see the person. From his tone, it seemed that the Star Academy really had some secret that no one knew about, and he was searching for it.

In short, the next step was to wait and see how things changed before dealing with them.

Qi Ao Shuang’s heart was in a mess. Things seemed to be getting more complicated.

At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang no longer felt as calm as before. As he walked along the street absent-mindedly, he was filled with thoughts.

Just as Qi Ao Shuang was lost in thought, there was a sudden change in the air in front of her, and a subtle power attacked her. Qi Ao Shuang instantly snapped out of her daze and flicked her fingers, cleverly pushing away this power. With a slight frown, he looked to the front and saw a middle-aged man with a cold and arrogant expression with his arms crossed in front of his chest. He was looking at her with his eyes slanted.

Clearly, that strange attack was from this man. The man was wearing a suit with a black ribbon tied to his head. His entire body was emitting a tyrannical aura. The muscles on his arm bulged with energy.

“Star Academy’s ambassador …” The middle-aged man sneered and said with a strange tone, “Isn’t the Star Academy becoming more and more deserted? Can such a person even be an ambassador?”

Qi Ao Shuang stared indifferently at the person in front of her. She understood that the man in front of her, even those who were dissatisfied with the Star Academy, wouldn’t be willing to submit to the Star Academy.

“Oh, you, what’s the matter?” Qi Ao Shuang said lightly. Towards such a person, Qi Ao Shuang did not wish to get entangled with him. Because she had work to do, there was no need to waste time on such people.

“Hmph, it’s nothing.” I just don’t think the clothes you’re wearing are suitable for you. Why don’t you peel them off and try them on for me? Maybe I’m more suitable to be an ambassador. " The corner of the middle-aged man’s mouth twitched as he looked at Qi Ao Shuang with disdain. He purposely said those words loudly, attracting the attention of the surrounding people.

As the middle-aged man had expected, the surrounding people all stopped in their tracks and looked in his direction. Everyone started discussing, but no one came forward to speak.

“Then why don’t you try it yourself.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled, and lightly said those words.

“Kid, you said it yourself!” A sinister look appeared on the middle-aged man’s face. Before he could finish his words, he had already charged over. It was obvious that he wanted to sneak attack Xiao Ao Shuang while she was still distracted. His actions caused the surrounding people to hiss softly, but no one dared to stop him. A person who dared to challenge the Star Academy’s ambassador definitely had some strength. And the Star Academy wasn’t someone they could afford to offend.

Qi Ao Shuang’s expression darkened. She originally thought that the other party was someone with some self-restraint, but she never expected the other party to be so despicable and shameless. Then there was no need to leave any leeway!

Just as Qi Ao Shuang was about to step forward to welcome him, an afterimage suddenly appeared in front of her.

BOO!

A loud sound pierced through the sky.

It shook the eardrums of the surrounding people, causing them to shudder in fear.

The face of the middle-aged man who had assaulted Qi Ao Shuang immediately paled as shock filled his eyes.

His fist was taken by someone, but it was not the weak-looking red-haired youth. It was instead the calm but determined handsome man in front of him.

In the next moment, a strange sound rang out.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

He kept listening.

“Ah — — my hand, my hand, my hand — — —” The scream broke out. Blood sprayed out in all directions, and the middle-aged man’s hand started to crack open.

He cried out in pain and abruptly withdrew his hand, clutching his broken hand while screaming in pain. Other than fear, there was disbelief in his eyes. Such a strong body would actually suffer such heavy injuries at this moment! This hand was basically crippled. Originally, he wanted to find the weakest looking young demon spirit amongst the Star Academy’s three ambassadors, but he didn’t expect things to turn out like this because of the sudden appearance of a person!

However, Qi Ao Shuang’s attention was not on that. Her eyes were focused on the back of the man in front of her, and she could not move her gaze away. This back view was so familiar, so frightening that it made her heart palpitate.

How is that possible? How could he be here?

Wasn’t this just a dream?

He should still be in that world!

It had been a long time since he had seen this person. At this moment, he suddenly appeared in front of him and blocked the attack for him.

The man standing in front of Xiao Ao Shuang finally retracted his hand, slowly turning around and staring at Xiao Ao Shuang.

“Should I call you Young Master or Miss?” A faint smile appeared on the handsome face of the man standing in front of Xiao Ao Shuang. He said these words in a voice only the two of them could hear.

Qi Ao Shuang’s lips started to quiver, she stared at the person in front of her, unable to say anything for a long time.

The man on the opposite side didn’t say anything and just looked at Qi Ao Shuang with a smile on his face. However, there was a complicated look in his eyes. Some were happy, some were excited, some were worried, and some were deeply moved.

“Jin, Jin Yan …” After a long while, Xiao Ao Shuang finally said with trembling lips, “You, why are you here?” “How did you know it was me?”

Jin Yan didn’t reply to Xiao Ao Shuang’s words. Instead, he turned his head to look at the middle-aged man who was in great pain and said faintly, “Scram. You can’t even defeat me and still want to challenge my family’s young master?” “You overestimate yourself!”

The cold words from Jin Yan were like stones thrown into a calm lake, creating layers of ripples. The surrounding people became even noisier as they looked with reverence at Qi Ao Shuang and Jin Yan. This red-haired ambassador actually had a subordinate with such terrifying strength? And the attendant’s tone suggested that his strength was far above that of the attendant? Then how strong was he?

The middle-aged man’s face was filled with fear. No matter how he looked at Jin Yan’s cold face, he was unable to say anything.

“Scram!” Jin Yan shouted coldly. The middle-aged man hastily ran away as though he had received a special amnesty. He felt a sense of relief.

Jin Yan’s ice-cold gaze swept across the surrounding crowd. When everyone met his icy gaze, they were alarmed and quickly dispersed.

After everyone left, Jin Yan turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang.

“Embers.” “Jin Yan …” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice was trembling and bitter. She thought that she would never be able to see Jin Yan again in this life, but now, he was standing before her.

“As I said, I will always follow you.” Jin Yan smiled, but said these words with incomparable determination, “Miss, from the day I swore, everything had already been decided.” “This time, I will closely follow you, and won’t be left behind.”

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. She stared at the person in front of her, carefully sizing him up. The person in front of him seemed different from the him from before. His gaze was more ancient and resolute. The persistence between her eyebrows did not change. The power needed to enter the chaosworld was far beyond what ordinary people could imagine. With Jin Yan’s strength, how much would he have to pay if he could come to the chaosworld and stand before him and defeat that person just now? Qi Ao Shuang suddenly felt pain in her heart, and she did not dare think about it anymore.

“How, how did you get here?” “And how do you know what I look like now?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked with difficulty, her heart aching more and more. “Where’s Judy? Where’s Judy?” Qi Ao Shuang did not forget the jealous little Judy, the dragon.

“This is not the place to talk.” “Let’s go.” Jin Yan looked deeply at Qi Ao Shuang before saying these words softly. It was as if he could see through her soul, as if he wanted to carve her into his bones.

After Jin Yan finished speaking, he took the lead and walked in front. Qi Ao Shuang turned her head to look at the inn not far away. That was where the Tian Dao Sect stayed. Without hesitation, Qi Ao Shuang turned around and followed after Jin Yan.

Jin Yan continued to lead Qi Ao Shuang in the opposite direction, only stopping to push open the door of a house. The tidy house gave a sense of peace of mind. After entering the room, Jin Yan poured a cup of tea for Qi Ao Shuang.

“I won’t brew your favorite rose tea. Let’s drink this.” Jin Yan handed over the teacup in his hand.

These words almost made Qi Ao Shuang cry.

Why did he suddenly feel so uncomfortable? Why did he always feel so lost?

What is it, or what does it feel like, far away?

Qi Ao Shuang slowly took the cup, and tears flowed down her face.

When Jin Yan saw Qi Ao Shuang’s expression, he slightly opened his mouth, but didn’t say anything in the end.

“I …” I miss you, I miss you, I miss Ling Yun, I miss Yi Xuan, I miss White Emperor Black Feather, I miss Waldo, I miss Cliff, I miss Black Dragon Ben, I miss Chu Xin, I miss Dongfeng Marquis, I miss Cousin … “I really want to …” Qi Ao Shuang’s tears could not stop flowing at this moment. How long had it been since she cried like this? I don’t remember. It seemed like a very, very long time had passed … Everything that had happened in the past appeared in his mind at this moment, filling up Qi Ao Shuang’s heart and slowly spilling out. All this time it had been her own silent loneliness that had borne all this, all her friends and relatives gone. He could only bury everything deep in his heart. Loneliness, loneliness, uneasiness … She wasn’t as strong as she looked. If he wanted to persevere, he had to hide everything. However, the moment he saw Jin Yan, the emotions that had been buried for a long time completely unraveled.

From start to end, Jin Yan didn’t say a word. He merely stood by the side, silently waiting. When he saw the teary expression on Qi Ao Shuang’s face, a deep pain arose in his heart. The person in front of them was actually not as strong as they thought. She was just silently bearing all of this.

After a long time, Qi Ao Shuang finally calmed down and raised her head to look at Jin Yan.

Jin Yan let out a gentle breath and organized his thoughts. Only then did he slowly explain how he had come to this world and how he had found Qi Ao Shuang.