Volume 1

Chapter 279

Stunning Edge - C279

“Where to?” “You’re not trying to get Qi Ao Shuang caught, are you?” Jonathan frowned.

Dittos was silent, ignoring Jonathan, and continued forward. Qi Ao Shuang followed silently.

“Hey!” You can’t be so unkind, Dittos. Jonathan began to squawk.

“Idiot.”

“Idiot.”

The two voices spoke in unison.

It was Qi Ao Shuang who said that he was an idiot, and it was Dittos who said that he was retarded. Both of them were expressionless.

Then they walked on together, ignoring the petrified Jonathan.

“In this world, only you know my heart.” The two of them walked side by side, and suddenly Dittos said the same thing.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned. She turned to look at Dittas, but Dittas remained calm, as if what he said just now wasn’t what he said. Xiao Ao Shuang smiled faintly and did not say anything. She understood that if she were a woman at this moment, then her words would sound ambiguous. But now that she was a man, she knew that Dittos was treating her as a brother and a friend. Qi Ao Shuang clearly understood why Diantz had said such a thing. Because she understood what Dittos meant.

Jonathan caught up with him after a moment, scratched his head, and realized that he had misunderstood Dittas. Thus, he silently followed behind her.

“Let’s go take a look at the Eternal Palace.” “That is the place where the people of Nine Heavens City live.”

“Oh, look again?” Those people walk with their noses up. " Jonathan smirked. The Hall of Eternity was the residence of some of the stronger men under the command of the Nine Heavens City’s Castellan. These people were similar to Guest Warriors. The amount of food and shelter they had was the last. Nine Heavens City would provide them with everything they needed for cultivation, and they would help them whenever they needed anything in the city. His position in the Nine Heavens City was quite high, so it was not an exaggeration to say that Jonathan could walk with his nose in the air.

"This meeting of the four cities will depend on them. “So go take a look, no other people from other cities can sneak in.” Dittos said slowly.

“Tsk, what’s so good about those old things?” “It’s because you don’t want to participate, but you want to participate in their turn to show off their might?” Jonathan obviously didn’t like them.

Dittos did not speak again. Xiao Ao Shuang looked around curiously, and suddenly, the sky appeared, squatting on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder and looking at her surroundings.

“What is this?” Jonathan looked at the sky. “Your pet?” You still keep this furry little marten? To attract the attention of the ladies? “You are too vulgar.” Jonathan sighed.

Qi Ao Shuang was speechless. The formation of the Long Space was not self-directed. It was this guy himself who wanted to become like this. Jonathan was right. The reason why the sky had become so adorable was to attract girls’ attention. This little pervert.

“Ji Ji!” The sky waved its claws at Jonathan, seemingly dissatisfied. Of course he resented Jonathan’s last words. What vulgarity? What nonsense are you talking about? This is called scheming.

Dotans only glanced at the sky indifferently before retracting his gaze. After a quick glance at him, the swaggering and swaggering Sky was silenced. He quietly squatted on Xiao Ao Shuang’s shoulder.

“Qi Ao Shuang, this kid is a bit, a bit …” Vast Sky’s voice suddenly sounded in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind.

“What’s wrong?” Qi Ao Shuang secretly conversed with Chang in her heart.

“This guy isn’t easy to deal with.” The sky muttered.

“Didn’t you see it when we were in the swamp?” “Momo also said that he’s not someone to be trifled with.” Qi Ao Shuang felt strange.

"No, I didn’t meet his eyes at that time. “This man is very cold and dangerous.” With a solemn expression, Chang Bai added, “Be careful of him.” There was a lingering fear in the air. For some reason, he felt like the man could see through him with just one glance. This kind of feeling was very, very bad.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang agreed. Dittos was indeed much stronger than he was, so it wasn’t strange for Kong Zhangkong to come to this conclusion.

Eternal Palace was in the deepest part of the City Lord’s Mansion, in a secluded and elegant environment. It was divided into many small courtyards that were not connected to each other. These small courtyards were where the guest officials lived.

The three of them arrived at the entrance of the huge building. There were two guards standing upright at the entrance.

“I won’t go in.” Xiao Ao Shuang said softly, “Perhaps in two months, I will join the Heavenly Treasure City in participating in the Tripod Conference.” “If we go in now, we might cause trouble in the future.”

Just as Dotans was about to say something, Qi Ao Shuang added, “I know you don’t mind.” “But your sister and your brother-in-law, you have to consider them.”

Dittos slightly frowned and finally did not say anything. Instead, he nodded slightly and replied, “Then wait for me here.”

“I’m not going, either. I don’t want to see those old guys with their noses up in the air,” Jonathan pursed his lips and stood beside Xiao Ao Shuang, urging Dotans, “Go quickly, go check quickly, and then come back.” I’m waiting for you to take us to the best hotel in town. "

Dittos did not speak again. He nodded and walked in.

“Qi Ao Shuang, let me tell you, which restaurant should be established? Tsk, tsk, it smells good …” Jonathan narrowed his eyes in satisfaction, as if recalling the delicacy.

Just as Jonathan squinted his eyes to savor the aftertaste, he suddenly heard a tender voice.

“Brother Jonathan!” A young and tender voice rang out.

Jonathan’s face changed and he looked behind him unnaturally. Qi Ao Shuang also turned to look at the source of the voice. It was a small child dressed in luxurious clothes, only five or six years old. Behind him were two maids dressed up.

"It’s the mayor’s son, Keira. “Damn it, calling me Dittos is uncle. Call me brother.” The corner of Jonathan’s mouth twitched, obviously dissatisfied with the title.

Qi Ao Shuang laughed inside when she heard this. It was a funny name, really, and it brought Jonathan down a generation.

“Keira, why are you here?” Jonathan smiled.

“I’ve come to see Uncle Dittos.” Find him and go to Auntie Lenny’s. " Keira revealed a pure smile, then he turned his head to look at Xiao Ao Shuang and asked with a frown, “Who are you?” “You didn’t even greet me when you saw me?” At such a young age, he already had such an air of superiority.

“He’s a friend of your Uncle Dittos.” You go back first, Keira. I’ll tell Dittos to send him to you later. " Jonathan obviously didn’t like the arrogant kid, so he replied perfunctorily. A trace of disdain flashed in his eyes. It was probably Lenny’s method to find Dittas and go to Lenny. This lousy kid, listening to that hen?

“Friend?” Keira lifted his head, narrowed his eyes and sized up Qi Ao Shuang, frowning as he asked, “What’s your name?” How come I’ve never seen you before? Still red hair. " Keira bluntly said. I wanted to say that this red hair is very dazzling, very ugly. But Keira refrained from remembering her mother’s usual teachings. However, Aunt Lenny’s orders must be done. Give this redheaded guy a little embarrassment and take Uncle Dittancz over. These were all trivial, extremely simple!

Looking at the bossy child in front of her, and the deep look in his eyes, Qi Ao Shuang’s heart started to feel complicated. This child, at such a young age, he already had such a character. What would happen when he grew up? Jonathan had made it clear that the child’s attitude was still the same. It seems to have been instigated. And the one who instigated it was Lenny, I’m afraid. Should he say that this child had a bad character, or that Lenny was too skillful? Or both? If this child were to inherit the City Lord’s position, would it be a blessing or a disaster for the Nine Heavens City?

“His name is Qi Ao Shuang.” “Okay, Keira, you go back first.” Jonathan urged perfunctorily.

“Qi Ao Shuang?” Why does it sound like a woman’s name? There was a sneer on Keira’s small face that didn’t quite match his age.

Qi Ao Shuang shot a faint glance at Keira, but didn’t say anything. Instead, she turned her head toward the entrance of the Eternal Hall, waiting for Dittancz to appear.

“Keira, aren’t you a bit of a Young Chieftain when you talk?” You can either go in and find it yourself, or you can go back. " Jonathan’s face changed abruptly. He no longer replied perfunctorily but said those words coldly. At this moment, the venomous Jonathan choked Keira until his face turned red. The two maidservants also lowered their heads, not daring to say anything. Their young master was not a good man, but this Jonathan was more terrifying. Better to shut up.

Jonathan’s words confirmed that Keira did not have the connotations of a young master.

“Hmph!” “I’ll go in myself.” Keira’s face reddened, but he didn’t dare to do anything to Jonathan. He could only give an indignant glance at Ao Shuang’s back before passing by the two of them and walking towards the entrance of the Eternal Palace. The two maids hurriedly followed after him.

“Qi Ao Shuang, don’t be so calculative with this spoiled child.” “I think it’s Lenny’s dead hen again.” Jonathan turned and stood beside Qi Ao Shuang to console her.

“Yes, I know.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded, she naturally wouldn’t mind a small child like this. He was just feeling sad for the Nine Heavens City Lord. How could such a descendant bear such a heavy responsibility? Being young was not an excuse, but children from large families usually had two different situations. A person of self-restraint, bearing, or hedonistic character. This is related to the upbringing of the family. It was clear that the child was spoiled and did not give him the correct instruction he deserved.

“Forget it, let’s not talk about this.” Jonathan was bored.

The two men were silent for a moment, then Dittens came out with Keira in his arms. Keira’s mouth was very high and he seemed very unhappy.

“Uncle, why don’t you take me to Auntie Lenny’s for fun?” Keira pursed her lips and wrapped her arms around Dittas’s neck, making her final effort in a coquettish way.

“Go yourself.” “If you don’t want to walk, just let the maids carry you.” Dittos put Keira down and touched his head.

“Uncle!” Keira stamped her foot and tried to say something else.

Dickens turned to Jonathan and said, “Let’s go. Don’t you want to eat?”

“Uh-huh.” Jonathan nodded, not looking at Keira’s exasperated expression.

“You guys, bring the young master back.” “Go,” Dittins instructed the two maidservants.

“Yes, my lord.” The two maidservants did not dare to even breathe loudly and agreed.

Dittos did not say anything else and walked out with Jonathan and Qi Ao Shuang.

“Uncle!” Keira called out from behind him, but Dittos didn’t look back.

“Young master, let’s go.” The maid spoke in a low voice.

A trace of viciousness flashed across Keira’s eyes. He suddenly turned around and crooked his finger at the maid behind him. “You, squat down.”

After ten years of surprise, he still obediently squatted down.

“Pah!” Keira viciously slapped the maid in the face. Even though the child’s strength was not great and the beating was not painful, it was loud and clear.

“Remember, I am your master. When will it be your turn to take care of me?” Keira’s heart was filled with rage, and he directed all of his anger at the maid before him.

“Yes.” The maid lowered her head and responded in fear.

“To Aunt Lenny.” “Let’s go!” Keira narrowed his eyes in hatred and left huffily. The two maids hurriedly followed.

At this time, the three of them had already left the Mayor’s mansion and were walking on the street.

"I say, Dittas, that child of Keira’s is really undisciplined. To speak rudely, to cause trouble for Qi Ao Shuang. “It must have been Lenny who instigated it.” Jonathan was still unhappy and started to be noisy.

“What?” Dittos asked in a deep voice.

“That’s the way it is, he …” Jonathan explained everything Kira had said in detail. Finally, he curled his lips and said, “I just don’t understand why this child would listen to Lenny so much.” Did Lenny please him that much? "

Qi Ao Shuang did not speak, her face was calm, as if these things had nothing to do with her.

“Alright.” After hearing Jonathan’s words, Dittos gave a light grunt of acknowledgment and did not say anything else.

“Hey!” Why don’t you say yes? What’s wrong with letting it go on like this? Lenny the hen abetted your nephew, in case something irreparable should happen in the future? " Jonathan whined, stating the power of it.

“Alright.” “En.”

Jonathan pursed his lips and looked up at the sky.

“Tonight, Half Forest.” Dittos suddenly said.

“Half forest, what are you doing there?” It was a desolate place, and there were magical beasts roaming about as well. “What are you doing there in the middle of the night?” Jonathan wondered. Why did Dittos suddenly say this?

“Half of the forest, the checkered cliff.” “Come on.” Still, Dittos was terse and concise.

Qi Ao Shuang slightly frowned, but didn’t say anything. What did Dittos mean by that? What do you want to do?

“Killing intent.” Vast Sky’s voice suddenly sounded in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind.

“What?” Xiao Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Just now, he emitted killing intent. Although it was only a sliver, I felt it.” “He’s very good at hiding his killing intent.” “Yes,” Chang Bai replied.

Killing intent? When Dotans said that just now, he was filled with killing intent?!

What did he want to do tonight?