Volume 1

Chapter 285

Stunning Edge - C285

“I can’t repay your favor, so …” Xiao Ao Shuang leaned closer to Parina, gently opening her thin lips and spitting out a sentence that caused her face to change. “Then I will kill you. If you die, there will be no need to repay the debt of gratitude.”

As soon as Qi Ao Shuang said this, not only did Parina’s face change, but even Ta Lina’s face instantly paled.

“You, you dare!” Parina shouted in exasperation.

“Hahaha, do you still insist on using this method to repay your favor?” Xiao Ao Shuang laughed out loud, looking at the flustered and exasperated look on Parina’s face.

“You!” You! “You!” Parina was so angry that she almost vomited blood. Xiao Aushuang was actually making fun of her.

“Senior Sister, you can go back first. I’ll come look for you right after I finish.” Qi Ao Shuang turned around and nodded to the stunned Tanina.

“En, alright, alright.” Only then did she come back to her senses. She hurriedly nodded and left with her junior sister.

The two of them walked far away, and a low voice could be heard.

“Senior Sister, don’t worry, I don’t think Senior Brother Qi Ao Shuang will like that unreasonable woman.”

“You, what nonsense are you spouting?”

"I’m not talking nonsense. “You are indeed fond of Shixiong Qi Ao Shuang.”

“If you keep up the nonsense, I’ll rip your mouth off.”

“No, I won’t tell the truth in the future.”

….

The voices of the two gradually faded away. Parina glared angrily at the laughing Qi Ao Shuang.

“You, why are you laughing?!” Parina said in a low, angry voice. This detestable Xiao Aushuang, how could he allow himself to be mocked by other girls? He actually rejected me without mercy in front of other women, and he even said something that would make anyone tremble with fear. What can’t repay a favor and kill oneself. Damn it!

“Alright, tell me why you came looking for me.” Qi Ao Shuang shook her head. She laughed as she looked at Parina who was about to go crazy. She knew what she was thinking. However, the bell in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart rang. It didn’t seem wise for Tarina and Parina to treat themselves like this. He absolutely could not let it continue to develop. Pay her off quickly and you won’t have anything to do with her anymore.

“There’s something I need to ask of you, and it’s very important.” Parina’s face was grave and she no longer looked as angry as before.

“Oh?” “What is it?” When Xiao Ao Shuang saw the serious expression on Parina’s face, he also withdrew his smile.

“Come with me, this is not the place to speak.” Parina turned her head and motioned for Ao Shuang to follow.

Xiao Ao Shuang had some doubts in her heart, but she still took a step forward to follow him.

Parina led Qi Ao Shuang left and right, then turned again and finally entered an alley. At the end of the alley, she entered an unremarkable wooden door. Xiao Ao Shuang followed, and Parina quickly closed the door behind her. With a solemn expression, he brought Qi Ao Shuang inside.

The house was small but neat. The wooden furniture was cleaned, and Qi Ao Shuang followed Parina up the wooden stairs to the second floor.

Inside a small bedroom, Parina mysteriously locked the door. Xiao Ao Shuang was not in a hurry. She sat on the sofa and looked at Parina.

“Hey, why aren’t you nervous at all? Aren’t you afraid of what I’m going to do to you?” Seeing how calm and composed Qi Ao Shuang looked, Parina could not help but feel angry.

“Say it, what is it that needs to be said in such a place?” Xiao Ao Shuang surveyed her surroundings, this was a very ordinary house. What exactly is it that requires so much effort? It should be something that he doesn’t want to attract attention.

“Hmph!” “Wait!” Then, she formed a barrier around the room to ensure that their conversation was not being overheard. She sat down and glared at Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows and smiled at Parina.

“I want you to investigate something for me. You’re the only one who can find a way.” Parina’s expression changed. She said in an extremely solemn tone, “It’s impossible for Dittas and Jonathan to agree.”

“This must be done by one of the top three?” Xiao Ao Shuang guessed, but she couldn’t figure out what exactly she wanted her to do.

“Alright.” Parina nodded, then said in a deep voice, “Although I know it would be difficult for you to repay the favor you owe me, and perhaps even a little dangerous, I can’t think of any other way.”

“Oh, you know, forget it.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Parina teasingly, then she pretended to stand up.

“No, no.” “Wait.” Parina scrambled to her feet, a pleading look on her face. “I beg of you, please help me. Please help me.” “I owe you a favor, please!” As she spoke, her eyes were filled with tears, and she was about to kneel down in front of Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang was surprised. She hurriedly went up to help Parina up, frowned and asked in confusion, “What exactly happened? Please explain it clearly first.” I’ll help you if I can. "

“Qi Ao Shuang, help me. If you don’t help me, if my brother doesn’t say so …” Parina’s tears rolled down her face as she looked at Xiao Aoshuang with pleading eyes.

“Tell me, what exactly is going on?” Looking at the expression on Parina’s face, Xiao Ao Shuang knew that something big must have happened.

"My family is a noble from Hurricane City. My father did not send my brother to Star Academy to study because he felt that with my brother’s talent, he would be a hindrance to his progress on campus. Therefore, he had been cultivating by himself. He is a genius, a good son, and a good brother. " With tears in her eyes, Parina began to explain, "It’s not that you can only step into the Void Realm after passing the ninth level of the Star Heavenly Pagoda. Many people misunderstand and think that you can only enter the Star Academy. “Actually, it’s only the Star Academy’s Heavenly Pagoda that makes it easier for one to step into that realm.”

Xiao Ao Shuang did not interrupt. She let go of Parina and returned to the sofa, quietly listening to her words. Her instincts told her that Parina seemed to know a lot.

“My brother is truly a rare genius in a thousand years. He’s about to step into the Void Stage.” A trace of pride appeared in Parina’s eyes as she said this.

Stepping into the Void Stage, isn’t that a good thing? But why did Parina’s next expression become more and more unsightly?

“But someone from the Star Academy came looking for us. They asked big brother to go to the academy.” Anger and fear appeared in Parina’s eyes. She anxiously raised her head to look at Qi Ao Shuang and anxiously said, “Qi Ao Shuang, the big brother stepping into the Void realm has nothing to do with Star Academy, but the Star Academy actually came to find my big brother. Their attitude is abnormally strong, and they want my big brother to go to the Star Academy.” “Big brother is leaving tomorrow.”

“The Star Academy wants to capture an expert in their hands?” “Convenient to continue controlling the world?” Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she tried to guess.

“No!” It was said that those who stepped into the Void realm could go to another plane. He wouldn’t have anything to do with the world at all. It was rather difficult to descend from that plane, but it was said that it wasn’t impossible. “What’s the point of the Star Academy requesting my brother to go to the Academy at this time?” Parina was excited.

“Yeah, it doesn’t seem to make much sense to you.” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Why is the Star Academy so keen on whether or not someone has stepped into the Space Shattering Realm?” Don’t you find it strange? " Parina clenched her teeth and said, “Don’t you think that the Star Academy’s purpose is to nurture more Void Shattering experts?”

“This?” Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she thought back. It seemed that what Parina said was true. It seemed that the Stellar Tower’s trial was specifically designed to nurture the elite experts of the Broken Space. In that case, what was the good of this academy?

“In the past, there were also people who were about to step into the Broken Void and were taken away by the Star Academy, and then there was no more news of them.” The people from the academy said that those people had all stepped into the Space Shattering Realm and had gone to another plane. “Therefore, we will never be able to see each other again.” Parina’s expression became more solemn and anxious. “But, Qi Ao Shuang, you better think carefully. Since you can automatically go to another plane once you step into the Void Fragmentation Realm, if you’re not a member of the school, why did you come here to interfere?” Take it and do what? “What’s wrong with someone being with their family before they step into this realm?”

After hearing what Parina said, Xiao Ao Shuang’s expression gradually became serious. She seemed to smell something unusual.

"The Star Academy’s way of doing things makes me very confused. So I’ve been trying to find out why I went to this college. But I found nothing. I didn’t find anything even in the Tower. Moreover, the number of times one could enter the Heavenly Tower was limited. One could only enter it during the trial. “I don’t have the means to reach the highest level, so I want you to help me.” Parina said eagerly, her eyes pleading.

“However, I can’t reach the ninth floor right now.” Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly. It was no wonder that Parina had disguised herself as a 2-star master teacher despite her 6-star strength.

"However, you can enter and leave the Heavenly Pagoda at will. Moreover, you can reach the eighth level, so you are only a step away from the last level. “You’ll find out something.” Parina was afraid that he wouldn’t agree, so she began to sob softly and beg, “Qi Ao Shuang, I beg of you, help me. I feel that this matter is definitely not simple, I feel that something will happen to my brother.” “I feel like big brother won’t successfully step into the Space Shattering Realm. I feel like there’s something wrong with this.”

Qi Ao Shuang frowned, deep in thought.

“Qi Ao Shuang, I beg you, my brother, I can’t lose my brother.” I didn’t have a mother, and my father was busy with business and didn’t have time to worry about me. My brother has been diligent in his cultivation, but he still spends a lot of time taking care of me and caring for me. I can’t lose my brother. " Parina’s expression was bitter.

“I, don’t cry, I will help you investigate.” Looking at the crying Parina, Xiao Ao Shuang felt sour in her heart. Because she remembered someone. The name had been in her heart for a long time — Catherine. That gentle woman, the woman who had used her life to protect her. Even knowing that her soul was no longer the same person, he had risked his life to protect her.

“But, but big brother is going to Star Academy tomorrow. What if I don’t see big brother tomorrow?” Parina’s eyes were full of fear.

“Don’t worry, tell your brother to not reach the Void Shattering Realm first. I believe that if there really is a problem with the Star Academy, he won’t make a move on your brother until then.” Give me some time, and I’ll do my best to help you find out. " Qi Ao Shuang also had an ominous feeling in her heart. Was there really a problem with the Star Academy? If that was true, then wasn’t that their goal as well? Because at this moment, Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly remembered what the dean said when she saw the dean. If Parina’s guess was true, not only her, but Dittos was their target as well, right?

“I, I’m really scared.” I feel that the Star Academy really has a lot of problems. Back then, the student who had reached 8-star on his first attempt at the examination had fallen out with the academy, and he had even nearly destroyed the Heavenly Pagoda. According to the rumors, the student was actually capable of passing the ninth floor. In other words, he could actually reach the Space Shattering Realm! But why did he do such a strange thing? And for what reason did the Star Academy keep those who were about to step into the Broken Void in their academy? “I’m not guessing. I’m sure that nothing good will happen!” Parina’s body trembled slightly, and her face turned pale.

“Come on, Parina, your brother is all right.” “I’ll find out as soon as possible.” Xiao Aushuang furrowed her brow and said solemnly, “If that’s true, then this is not just about your brother and you, but about too many people, and I am one of them.”

“What?” “You?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at him with her eyes wide open in fear, “Could it be … could it be that you are also stepping into the Void Shattering dimension?” “No, no, Qi Ao Shuang, no!” She rushed forward and hugged Qi Ao Shuang, tears streaming down her face.

“Don’t get excited, Parina.” Xiao Ao Shuang hurriedly tried to push away Parina, but Parina was in a state of excitement and held onto her tightly. She refused to let go. Xiao Aushuang could only coax her, “Don’t cry, I will not let this happen.” I swear I won’t. “And I haven’t reached the strength you said I would.”

“Don’t, don’t step into the void …” Parina sobbed.

Qi Ao Shuang sighed softly, not saying anything else.

The room fell silent, save for the soft sobs of Parina. After a long time, Parina finally stopped crying, and Xiao Ao Shuang comforted her once again. Only then did Parina gradually recover, and she embarrassedly let go of her hand.

“Don’t worry, I’ll find out soon enough.” “Remember to go back and tell your big brother to slow down his cultivation and not step into the Space Shattering Realm so quickly.” Qi Ao Shuang instructed.

“Yes, I will listen to you.” Parina nodded like a chicken pecking rice. In the end, he gave his brother’s appearance and name to Qi Ao Shuang, and gave her a necklace made of gems to prove her identity.

….

On the street, Qi Ao Shuang watched Parina leave, his heart in chaos.

What do you want to do? Would he secretly follow Parina’s brother back to the academy tomorrow? So what do we do here?

"Don’t go, you, don’t take risks. “It’s very dangerous. Give me some time to resolve this.”

Just as Xiao Ao Shuang was feeling restless in her heart, a clear and bright voice that she seemed to have heard before reached her ears. Qi Ao Shuang’s pupils dilated. She had heard this voice before.

It was the voice he had heard on the eighth floor, the voice of the person who had prevented him from advancing to the ninth floor.