Volume 1

Chapter 283

Stunning Edge - C283

White Cloud Town was not far from Star Academy. It only took them half a day to arrive. The moment he entered the town, there was a hubbub of people, as if there was a huge commotion. The wide streets were filled with customers from all kinds of shops. Jewelry stores, weapons stores, protective gear stores, pet stores, and clothing stores were all full of people. All sorts of major powers were arriving here one after another.

As Jonathan had said, although this place was nominally a small town, it was not inferior to the city. The Heavenly Treasure City and the Nine Heavens City that Qi Ao Shuang had seen were incomparable to the White Cloud Town. In this world, the greatest ruler was still the Star Academy. The only difference was that the four great cities were in the light while the Star Academy was in the dark.

“Actually, we don’t need to do anything. We just wear these clothes and wander around this place. We need to mediate the conflicts here and there.” In any case, the major powers will give us some face just because of our status. " Jonathan opened the curtain and looked outside, absent-mindedly explaining to Qi Ao Shuang.

"All the mayors and their subordinates are staying at the Stellar Hotel. The sects would find their own residences. We can do everything within our power, and the three of us will be staying at the Stellar Hotel. After settling down, you can move around freely. When something happens, it’s just a matter of time. Meet in the hall the day before the convention begins. " Dylan patiently explained to Qi Ao Shuang.

There will inevitably be a conflict between the four cities and the sects. Naturally, the mission of Qi Ao Shuang and the other two was to resolve these conflicts.

“Alright.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded. The carriage drove down the street and stopped in front of a tall, imposing building. At the entrance of the magnificent building stood a huge stone board. On top of the stone board, there were a few words engraved deeply: Stars Hotel. The simple and unadorned stone board did not match the tall and dazzling hotel at all. It looked very strange.

"This stone tablet was carved by the founder of the Star Academy. That person had disappeared after the creation of the Star Academy. “The Principal and the Elders also never mentioned his matter. They only said that he was a very powerful person and that he was the role model for everyone.” Jonathan looked at Qi Ao Shuang and explained.

“Oh.” “That’s how it is.” “Yes!” Qi Ao Shuang replied casually. A hint of doubt arose in his heart. The Star Academy didn’t seem to be as simple as it seemed on the surface. Now it seemed to be the true ruler of the world. But there were too many mysteries. The founders of the academy were actually not allowed to know who their students were. Also, why did the student who had reached the eighth level during his first attempt attack the school’s forces? He even tried to destroy the Star Heavenly Pagoda. In the end, the school sealed off the news. What was all this about?

The three of them entered the hotel and were immediately greeted respectfully by someone. When the others in the hall saw the three of them, their gazes changed. Respect, fear, disdain, provocation… The ones who were disdainful and provoking were naturally the guest elders of the various city lords. As the pinnacle of power within the chaosworld, the Star Academy naturally caused quite a few people to feel unsatisfied. Although those people had unfriendly eyes, they still did not move forward. After all, this was the Star Academy’s territory.

The waiter led the three of them to their living quarters. It was a small suite with an elegant environment. There were three luxurious rooms. Each bedroom has a separate bathroom, outside the living room, dining room and so on.

“It’s all right, you can go now.” Dittos waved the waiter down.

“Yes.” The waiter replied respectfully and left.

“Aha, I still want my room.” cried Jonathan, hopping toward the bedroom on the far right.

Xiao Ao Shuang and Dotans looked at each other speechlessly.

“Rest first. Someone will bring you lunch later.” After saying that to Qi Aoshuang, Ditanas walked to the leftmost bedroom, leaving behind the one in the middle.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded and entered the middle bedroom.

Looking around at the luxurious surroundings, Qi Ao Shuang walked over to the bed and laid down on it, wondering if Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao had also come. He planned to ask whether the people from Heavenly Treasure City had arrived after lunch.

Sure enough, someone delivered a sumptuous lunch at noon on time.

“Time to eat, time to eat.” Jonathan was sitting in the dining room, shouting at the door of the bedroom. After yelling, he impatiently picked up his knife and fork to enjoy himself.

“The quadrennial Tripod Gathering requires us to participate in it every time. It is all so that we can see for ourselves if there are any powerful people who can be enlightened.” “However, it’s been so long, why haven’t I received any inspirations?” Jonathan chewed on the food in his mouth and said unhappily, “What a waste of time. This is such a good time. It’s so nice to go out and have some fun.”

“Has the people from Heavenly Treasure City arrived yet?” Qi Ao Shuang ignored Jonathan’s complaints and instead asked the question that she had always cared about.

“They should be here. If they are here, they should be staying in the east hall.” “They were first in the last Tripod Meeting, so they should be staying in the east hall.” Jonathan narrowed his eyes, timidly enjoying the delicious food while indifferently answering Qi Ao Shuang’s question.

“Oh.” “Got it, thank you.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded.

“Good time, don’t waste it. I’ve finished eating. I’m going out to find my spring.” Jonathan wiped his mouth gracefully, stood up, and became the sunny boy again.

“Go on.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan in amusement. In fact, he was quite envious of Jonathan’s attitude towards life. Enjoy, eat, drink, and have fun without a care in the world. However, that was not what she was looking for. At least not yet.

“I’ll go with you.” Dittos suddenly spoke in a deep voice.

“What?” “What?” Jonathan almost jumped up when he heard Dittens’s words. He abruptly turned around and looked at him in disbelief. Then he grinned and said with gratification, “Haha, Dittas, have you finally figured it out?” “Are you finally ready to enjoy life with me?”

At this time, Dittos slowly raised his head and looked at Jonathan, who was chuckling happily. He said lightly, “I’m not talking to you.”

The smile on Jonathan’s face froze. Looking at the expressionless Dietz, the corner of his mouth twitched and he left with a grunt.

Looking at Jonathan’s embarrassed expression, Qi Ao Shuang couldn’t help smiling. Jonathan really was a clown. He felt relaxed with such a person.

“Actually, if you have something to do, you don’t have to go with me.” I can go myself. " Qi Ao Shuang said with a smile as she looked at Dittos.

“Nothing.” “I’ll go after the meal.”

“En, thank you.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded with a smile.

The east hall was in a mess.

“No, meow, no.” A voice full of impatience.

“Ah Bao, wear another one.” Ah’Bao, wear another one. Another voice was full of flattery.

As soon as Qi Ao Shuang stepped through the door of the east hall, she saw a beautiful woman wearing a thin dress jumping around the courtyard with an angry look on her face. She was chasing after Heaven Breaker, who had an anxious look on her face. At this moment, Heaven Breaker no longer had the feeling of the peerless master Qi Ao Shuang had when she first met him. That way of trying to curry favor with her had broadened Qi Ao Shuang’s horizons. The peerless beauty was wearing a dress, and her voluptuous body made one’s blood boil. It was just a dress, but the weather seemed just right. Furthermore, he didn’t expose any sensitive areas. Why would Heaven Breaker allow her to wear a coat?

What was he doing?

Qi Ao Shuang stared at the scene in front of her.

“Meow!” Ao Shuang, save me. Heaven Breaker is so hateful! When the beautiful lady saw Qi Ao Shuang enter, she threw herself into Qi Ao Shuang’s arms, refusing to leave.

Dittens frowned slightly as he watched the scene unfold before him, not saying a word.

“Ah Bao?” Xiao Ao Shuang tentatively called out Ah’Bao’s name. Heavens, this voluptuous, first-rate girl was actually that little Ah’Bao? Is there a mistake? This appearance did not match Ah’Bao’s simple-minded personality at all!

“Meow, meow, it’s me.” Ao Shuang, Heaven Breaker is such a nuisance. They don’t like to dress, let them wear it, I do. “But Heaven Breaker still wants me to wear it again. It’s so hot, I don’t want it!” Ah’Bao’s head was shaking like a rattle drum, then it hung on top of Xiao Ao Shuang like an octopus, refusing to come down.

The corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth twitched as she looked at Heaven Breaker’s helpless and embarrassed face, then looked at Po who had his head buried deep in her arms. She didn’t know what to say.

“Heaven Breaker, you, you’re too stingy.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Heaven Breaker with disdain, as she clearly understood the reason behind his actions. It was not because he didn’t want Ah’Bao’s hot body to be exposed in front of others. But did he have to? The women wore a dress, and there was no fear in their hearts.

Heaven Breaker gave an awkward chuckle, his mouth twitching in speechlessness.

“Ah’Bao, come down first.” Xiao Ao Shuang patted Ah’Bao’s head with a smile as she comforted him.

“Meow, I’m not, unless Heaven Breaker doesn’t want me to wear it anymore.” Ah’Bao tightly held onto Qi Ao Shuang’s neck, refusing to come down.

“Heaven Breaker!” Qi Ao Shuang stared at the man who was eating all sorts of vinegar, and shouted with a drawn-out voice.

“Fine, fine, Po, I don’t want to wear it anymore. Be good, come over here.” “Ao Shuang is a man. You can’t always hide in his arms like this.” Heaven Breaker’s gaze had never left the part where Po and Qi Ao Shuang’s bodies were in contact. He had been eagerly watching the whole time, and now he finally said what he wanted to say.

“Meow?” “What does that matter? Ao Shuang is actually …” Po’s mouth was immediately covered by Heaven Breaker’s outstretched hand. He pulled Ah’Bao back from Qi Ao Shuang’s embrace and hugged him tightly.

“Meow, meow, meow, meow, hmm ~” Ah’Bao couldn’t utter a word. He could only stare at Heaven Breaker.

A trace of inexplicable spirit flashed across Dittas’ eyes. Just now, what was this woman trying to say? What actually happened to Qi Ao Shuang?