Volume 1

Chapter 289

Stunning Edge - C289

“Isn’t it?” Young Master, you have to choose one. I also saw how much Leng Xiao and Feng Shao had done for you. “But Young Master, what about them?” Jin Yan looked deeply at Qi Ao Shuang before slowly saying those words in a low voice. It was so low that only the two of them could hear it. Jonathan and Dittos followed far behind, not immediately following.

That’s right, these two people gave their all to the young mistress, and she was fond of one of them, right? Miss should respond to their wishes. However, Jin Yan didn’t think about it at all, nor did he think about receiving Qi Ao Shuang’s response. He had never wanted any reward from Qi Ao Shuang.

Xiao Ao Shuang stood where she was and raised her head to look at the sky. Suddenly, a faint smile appeared as she said softly, “Jin Yan, I actually have a choice long ago.”

“Huh?” Jin Yan was stunned. He stood on the spot and looked at the smiling Qi Ao Shuang. For a moment, he didn’t know what to feel in his heart.

“Let’s go, Jin Yan.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled faintly, but did not continue.

Jin Yan recovered from his shock and followed silently. Young Miss’s choice was his choice … Regardless of the young mistress’s choice, he had no objections.

The two of them walked forward, and Jonathan and Dittos slowly caught up with them.

“Um, Xiao Aushuang, I didn’t say that on purpose. I didn’t mean it that way …” Jonathan caught up, embarrassed.

“I don’t mind that. Let’s go.” “Is there anything else you need today?” Qi Ao Shuang turned her head to look at Jonathan, who looked a little perturbed, and asked with a smile.

“Basically nothing.” This was the end of the Four Cities Conference. “After that, we can go back to school. It’s very boring.” Jonathan was bored.

“This time, it should be the Heavenly Treasure City championship as well.” Dittens’s emotionless voice floated over.

“Tch, if you participate in Heavenly Treasure City, can you get first place?” Jonathan pursed his lips.

“No need.” But Dittos spat this out.

"I really don’t understand you. How many times has your brother-in-law asked you to do this? You’ve always refused. “At least she’s your brother-in-law.” Jonathan muttered, apparently not at all understanding what Dittos was thinking.

Dittos looked cold and did not answer Jonathan.

As Xiao Aushuang listened to these words, she understood clearly in her heart. Dittos was indeed a cold-hearted person, but he was also a dangerous person …

Upon returning back to their residence, someone hurriedly stepped forward to welcome them. More than one.

“Lord Dickens.”

“Young master.”

Two well-dressed men went to meet Jonathan and Dittos.

“What are you doing here?” “Didn’t this old man say that he wouldn’t care about me recently?” Jonathan frowned at the man in front of him.

“Young master, the lord came looking for you because of something, this is a letter from the lord.” The man took out a letter and handed it to Jonathan respectfully.

Jonathan looked at the man in front of him suspiciously, and then looked at the letter in the man’s hand. Finally, he took it and opened it quickly.

And Dittos took the letter and read it. The messenger was sent by Dittas’ sister.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded and headed inside with Jin Yan.

“Impossible!” “Don’t count on me.” Suddenly, Qi Ao Shuang heard Jonathan’s excited voice as if his tail had been stepped on.

“Go back and tell my sister that I won’t think about it.” The next moment, Dittos’ cold voice faintly rang out.

Xiao Ao Shuang turned around and saw Jonathan’s agitated and angry expression, as well as the cold expression on Dittos’s face.

“What does Bethany’s engagement have to do with me?” “I’m not interested. Go and tell the old man that I’m not interested. Don’t bother me with this sort of thing in the future.” Jonathan waved impatiently at the people in front of him who were about to say something, then snorted and walked towards Qi Aushuang.

Dittos silently followed behind, leaving behind two people who looked at each other in dismay.

Bethfennie’s wedding? Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned. Suddenly, he remembered that Bethany was the daughter of the Jade City Lord. It was not surprising that the Four Seasons Garden’s gathering had been held this time. It was normal that they would try to win over the other factions. Bethany, however, was Weiss’s sweetheart. If Bethany had no interest in Wynes, then it would be fine, but the two of them loved each other, and just based on this, Qi Ao Shuang would not agree to let Bethany marry someone else.

“When will you be recruiting?” “Where is it?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the angry Jonathan and asked.

“You want to go?” “Don’t go, Bethany’s character doesn’t suit you.” Jonathan thought that Qi Ao Shuang was interested in Bethany, immediately persuaded, “That girl is very willful, you can’t take it.”

“Qi Ao Shuang?” Dylan asked in a low voice as he walked over as well.

"No, I’m not interested in her. It’s my roommate Wynes. " Xiao Ao Shuang thought for a moment and then spoke the truth. Jonathan was a trustworthy man, and Dittos would not be bored enough to get involved.

“Oh.” Jonathan touched his chin thoughtfully.

When Dittos heard this, he said no more.

“Who is Wynes? Is he the illegitimate child of the previous Nine Heavens City’s mayor?” Suddenly Jonathan asked in a hushed voice.

Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows in surprise and looked at Jonathan without saying anything.

“Don’t look at me like that. I don’t even know this much information about my family.” Jonathan said with a wink.

“Yes, so …” Qi Ao Shuang slightly frowned.

“Heh heh, come on, I’m interested in this sort of thing.” “I’m free, too, if the match is successful.” Jonathan smiled and waved at her. “Come, let’s talk in detail.”

Dittos glanced at Jonathan, but said nothing. He turned and went back to his room.

“He won’t even care if the sky collapses. I really don’t know what he cares about.” Jonathan looked at the back of Dittas and shrugged helplessly. “Maybe he cares about himself?” “Isn’t he lonely?”

“He’s afraid of loneliness.” Suddenly, Jin Yan indifferently said those words.

“What?” Jonathan stared at Jin Yan, but he remained calm, as if he hadn’t said anything earlier. “How do you know he’s afraid of loneliness?”

Jin Yan didn’t say anything and just stood silently behind Qi Ao Shuang.

The corner of Jonathan’s mouth twitched as he looked at Jin Yan with slanted eyes. He didn’t understand why Jin Yan would suddenly say such a thing.

“Jonathan, do you have a solution to Bethany’s problem?” Xiao Ao Shuang said.

“No.” Jonathan looked serious.

Qi Ao Shuang twitched her lips and was about to say something, but Jonathan grinned and said, “There’s no way to think of something now.” “Let’s go. I have long disliked the current Nine Heavens City’s lord.”

A trace of worry surfaced in Qi Ao Shuang’s heart. The current Nine Heavens City lord was the brother-in-law of Dittas in name. Would it be troublesome to deal with this matter?

Jonathan grabbed hold of Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder and dragged her to his room. Jin Yan’s burning gaze naturally stopped on Jonathan’s hands. A trace of doubt flashed in the corner of Jonathan’s eyes when he saw Jin Yan’s torch-like gaze. Why was the expression in the attendant’s eyes like this?

Jonathan walked into Jonathan’s room and sat beside him. After the door closed, Jonathan popped out a barrier and grinned at Xiao Ao Shuang. “Qi Ao Shuang, why do you want to help Wynes?”

“He’s my friend.” Qi Ao Shuang sat down and said lightly.

“Am I your friend?” Jonathan suddenly put away his smile and asked seriously.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded. Jonathan smiled at her. Everything went without saying.

“Alright, I’ll help you with this.” It was actually very simple. He could just kill the current mayor of Nine Heavens City. The men of the Old City Lord would support Wynes. “Then it’ll be much easier to marry Bethany.” Jonathan spoke very simply.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned, then she slightly frowned, “How is the strength of that Mayor?”

"Tsk, I can cut him up like a watermelon. “He’s just a piece of sh * t!” Jonathan snorted. “It’s good to kill him. Our family has a grudge against him for a long time.”

Xiao Ao Shuang went silent as she thought of the nephew of Dittas, the son of the Nine Heavens City lord. Being so young and already so moral, his parents must have a great deal of responsibility. His mother was spoiling him, but what about his father? From the looks of it, that Mayor probably wasn’t a person with a good character.

“He’s Dittos’s brother-in-law …” Xiao Ao Shuang said with a faint voice.

“Just don’t let Dittos know.” When he knows we’ve killed the mayor, he won’t care. This was because the person was already dead. No matter what, it was impossible for him to revive. He was a man who could calculate everything. In his heart, everything had a price. You and I are more in love with him than with a dead man. " Jonathan, who had studied with Dittas for many years, knew his character well enough to say such a thing.

Although Xiao Aushuang understood Jonathan’s words, her heart was cold. Dittas, Dittas, that’s the way he is.

“So, I’ll help you get rid of that idiot city lord.” “Hehe …” Jonathan casually said this, but his eyes flashed with a cold, bloodthirsty light.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, still in a daze. Kill the Nine Heavens City’s Mayor? Do you really want to do that?

“That idiot city lord is actually very perverted. He has a way to secretly kill him.” Jonathan laughed.

“Huh?” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Our family’s intelligence is the fastest and most accurate in this world.” Including the jade-green City Lord’s underwear, we know all the colors. Not to mention the fact that the Nine Heavens City’s mayor was a pervert. “The woman he loves the most just happens to be on good terms with my family.” Jonathan shook his head.

It was only then that Xiao Ao Shuang found out that Jonathan’s family did this.

"I’m only responsible for helping you kill him. You can take care of the rest yourself. “That includes helping your friend get a seat in the City Lord’s seat or something.” Jonathan frowned. “I hate trouble.” You see, if this man knew how powerful Wynes was, he’d kill Wynes. “Why don’t you make the first move?”

A preemptive strike was the best move? Qi Ao Shuang thought about it.