Volume 1

Chapter 292

Stunning Edge - C292

“Qi Ao Shuang …” The exceedingly beautiful woman slowly opened her mouth, her gentle voice almost making people forget to breathe as if they had forgotten to think about it, “I’ve been waiting for you for a long time.” “Why have you only just arrived?”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the person in front of her silently, not saying a word. Jin Yan was even more speechless.

Without saying anything, Qi Ao Shuang continued walking forwards, after which, she continued walking forwards, wanting to leave this place.

“Wait!” “Qi Ao Shuang!” When the beautiful girl saw Qi Ao Shuang’s attitude, her expression changed and she hurriedly extended her hand to stop Qi Ao Shuang.

"I don’t think I need to know you. It was Jonathan who asked for your help. “I don’t owe you anything.” Qi Ao Shuang replied with a cold face.

The exceedingly beautiful woman was slightly startled, but then, she came to an understanding. With Qi Aushuang’s strength, when he was in the White Leaf Forest, even if he was in the carriage, he should have been able to sense his own aura. However, this youth who looked so young spoke so straightforwardly. He was too impolite!

“Could it be that you have the heart to refuse a girl who admires you to say a few words to you?” “Just taking up some of your time.” The beautiful lady’s eyes were like silk. As she spoke, she slowly walked forward, wanting to lean on Qi Aushuang.

Qi Ao Shuang dodged the beautiful lady’s body and said coldly, “I’m not free, nor am I interested in you.”

The supreme beauty’s expression changed slightly, but she still did not give up. She smiled coquettishly and said: “Qi Ao Shuang, don’t be so cruel, just for a while, isn’t it okay?”

“I’m not free.” Qi Ao Shuang had an indifferent look on her face, and without looking at the lady again, she walked straight ahead. Jin Yan followed behind with a cold expression.

“You!” The gorgeous woman turned around to look at Qi Ao Shuang’s back before stomping her foot on the ground with an unwilling expression on her face. Just like that, he watched the figures of Qi Ao Shuang and Jin Yan disappear.

After the two of them entered Wynes’ residence, Jin Yan said softly, “Young Master, that woman …”

“Ignore her.” Xiao Ao Shuang said lightly. Because she saw something in the woman’s eyes. That woman was just a curious mentality. To be curious about oneself wants to approach oneself, can say wants to rely on her feminine charm to conquer oneself, decipher oneself. There was no need to pay attention to this woman. Moreover, that woman’s eyes were too seductive, and she had a playful attitude. Such a person, not serious life, just everything as a game, including others including herself.

Seeing Wynes, Wynes suppressed the excitement in his heart and welcomed him.

"It’s done. “You’ll do it early tomorrow morning.” Qi Ao Shuang said this lightly.

“He …” Wynes still couldn’t believe it.

“Dead.” Xiao Ao Shuang said casually, “Hurry up and go.” Jin Yan, you stay here and help Wynes. If there’s anything, inform me immediately. I still need to go to Heaven Breaker’s place. If I need any help, I’ll ask Heaven Breaker to help you as well. “I believe he’s willing to have more than one ally.”

“Hmm, Qi Ao Shuang, I really don’t know what to say.” Wynes clenched his fists in excitement.

“Yes, young master.” Jin Yan replied in a low voice before retreating to the side.

Xiao Ao Shuang turned around and waved her hands: “Alright, I’m leaving, you all hurry up.” The sooner the better. "

“Right, right!” Wynes quickly agreed. He sounded excited. Finally, he would be able to openly marry his beloved Bethany. The position of the City Lord was not important, but if one wanted to marry Bethany, they had to be the City Lord!

When Qi Aushuang came out from Wynes’ place, the beautiful woman was still waiting there. Seeing that Xiao Ao Shuang had come out, he quickened his steps to welcome her. Qi Ao Shuang looked at her indifferently, but didn’t say anything. Her feet lightly tapped on the ground, and she flew up into the sky, quickly disappearing from the peerless beauty’s line of sight. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

“Damn it!” Qi Ao Shuang! “You stinking brat!” The gorgeous woman almost ground her teeth to pieces. She stomped her feet and looked at the sky before saying in a deep voice, “You actually didn’t even look at me. One day, I will let you know how powerful I, Arena, am!”

The next morning, the entire town was in an uproar.

Nine Heavens City had decided to die outside of its borders, and most of its subjects had embraced a youngster named Wynes as the next City Lord. Reliable information was that this was the illegitimate child of the previous governor, who had disappeared many years ago. There were a small number of people who supported Nine Heavens City’s City Lord’s son, Keira. Keira, on the other hand, was in the main hall, cursing at Wynes and cursing him as a bastard. Of course, the next Nine Heavens City Lord would belong to Wynes. With the City Lord’s strong support, the matter was settled.

The next day, the Jade City Lord called for a bride for his daughter, Bethany. No one in the crowd had expected this. For Bethany’s choice of contenders was the new Lord of the Nine Heavens. The intimate attitude of the two of them caused the Jufeng City Lord to feel uneasy. The two of them didn’t look like they had just met. Instead, they looked more like lovers who had only just reunited after a long time. This was definitely not a good sign for Hurricane City. Heavenly Treasure City was a huge support to Wynes in becoming the City Lord. And now, Nine Heavens City had a marriage engagement with Jadechild City. This was equivalent to isolating Jufeng City. The city lord of Jufeng City was no longer in the mood to enjoy the celebration before him as he quickly left the arena.

At night, in a booth at the Stellar Hotel, Wynes waited with a blissful Bethany for the arrival of Qi Ao Shuang.

Lightly pushing open the door, Qi Ao Shuang smiled and nodded at the two blissful people in the room, indicating them not to be so reserved. Just because they both wanted to get up in a hurry.

“Qi Ao Shuang, you’re here!” Wynes was still very excited, but the excitement on his face could not be hidden.

"Thank him, thank him. “He’s the key.” Xiao Ao Shuang moved aside, revealing Jonathan, who had a mischievous smile on his face.

“Senior Jonathan …” Wynes and Bethany were stunned. They looked at Jonathan, who had a mischievous smile on his face, and could not understand.

“Oh, I was wondering why the school belle Bethefeney was so willful, making so many men want to die but not have the slightest reaction. So it turns out that you’re already a fellow in the heart.” Jonathan stepped forward and slapped Wynes hard on the shoulder, so hard that Wynes grimaced. Bethany was embarrassed as well, but also a little bashful.

“Sit down and listen to me tell you.” Qi Ao Shuang motioned for Jin Yan to sit down as well. Only after everyone had sat down did Qi Ao Shuang explain the whole situation to Jonathan. Of course, the matter of killing the original Nine Heavens City Lord was blamed on Jonathan. He didn’t say anything about Dittos.

Jonathan rolled his eyes in annoyance. He knew that Qi Ao Shuang had her own thoughts, so he did not retort.

After Xiao Ao Shuang finished speaking, Wynes and Bethany stood up and made a big bow to Jonathan, but Jonathan waved his hand impatiently, “Alright, don’t thank me, just thank him. I did it on his behalf. Alright, let’s eat, let’s do it!” I’m hungry. "

Everyone smiled at each other, and the atmosphere became harmonious.

In the following days, the grand event of the Four Cities was held. However, this time, the smell of gunpowder was no longer present. The three great cities were united in strength, and Hurricane City had dodged its attack. After the auspicious atmosphere ended, the Heavenly Treasure City was once again the leader.

The meeting ended successfully and the situation changed. However, this was no longer a matter for Qi Ao Shuang to worry about. What concerned her now was what Parina had entrusted to her, the real purpose of the investigation into the Star Academy, and the rescue of her brother.

When Qi Aushuang returned to school and reported to the headmaster’s office with Dittos and Jonathan, they met a person in the corridor.

It was that beautiful woman again. She was smiling, and her whole body was exuding a fatal aura. She was leaning against the pillar, looking at Qi Ao Shuang and the rest.

“Qi Ao Shuang, we meet again.” Azana smiled seductively.

Xiao Ao Shuang did not utter a word. Dentance’s face turned slightly cold and he did not say anything. Jonathan was a little nervous as he walked out, pulling Arnie along with him.

Xiao Ao Shuang did not comment. She silently walked forward. Dittens slightly glanced at Jonathan who was still far away. He did not say anything and followed her.

“Arnie, what are you doing here?” Jonathan hurried out, pulling Arnie by the hand.

“It hurts, let me go!” Ashanina angrily shook off Jonathan’s hand.

“What are you doing here?” Jonathan asked seriously.

“Hey, what a strange question!” I am also a student of the Star Academy, alright? “It’s just that I’m away from school all the time.” Asana rubbed her wrist, which was hurting from Jonathan’s squeeze, and replied unhappily.

“Please, do you want to die?” Why did you provoke Qi Ao Shuang? “Don’t you know how possessive this guy Dittens is of him?” Jonathan said with a headache.

Asana snorted and rubbed her hands, not responding to Jonathan’s words. When Jonathan became more and more anxious, he rolled his eyes and said solemnly, “I suspect one thing.” “I suspect the identity of Qi Ao Shuang.” Asana suddenly said.

“What?” What do you mean? Her identity was very simple, and she came from a lower level plane. “My relationship with the lord of Heavenly Treasure City is very good. I was arranged by Artis to enter the Tian Dao Sect and then pass the examination to enter the academy.” Jonathan frowned and recounted the history of Qi Ao Shuang in a deep voice.

“Hmph!” “As expected of someone who sells intelligence.” Asana said, but she did not seem to mind. Seeing this, Jonathan added, “Alright, alright, I’ll tell you my suspicions.”

“Speak, what is it?” Jonathan had never felt that Qi AoShuang was suspicious, so he did not pay too much attention to Arasana’s tone.

“I suspect that Qi Ao Shuang is not a man, but a woman!” However, Ashanina had a serious expression on her face as she said these words with exceptional seriousness.