Volume 1

Chapter 298

Stunning Edge - C298

“Junior brother, I’m sorry. It was all because of me that things turned out that way!” “Sorry, sorry.” Talena stood in front of Qi Ao Shuang and looked at her with a miserable expression.

“Junior brother, I’m so worried about you disappearing these days.” So I’ve been waiting for you here. " Tears began to form at the corners of her eyes.

She no longer cared about her so-called modesty. Ever since Qi Ao Shuang left the Tian Dao Sect, Ta Lina had been extremely worried and rushed back to the academy. However, there was no sign of Qi Ao Shuang in the academy.

No one knew where he had gone. In this half a month, Tanina had been in constant fear and worry all day, and she finally understood the position Qi Ao Shuang held in her heart. No one could take her place any longer.

He completely understood what he was thinking. That was, she had really fallen for Qi Ao Shuang.

“Why are you so warm?” “Haha, although I, Jonathan, am handsome and extraordinary, I can’t bear to pounce on two of them at once.” Jonathan laughed and exclaimed this sentence with apparent excitement.

The two girls quickly bounced away from Jonathan’s arms as if they were springs. They glared at him and shouted angrily.

“Who’s so warm about you?” “Run up here yourself!”

“You liar!” “Bastard!”

Needless to say, the second voice was Parina’s. The more she thought about it, the more it seemed to her that the way she had been coerced away by Jonathan. Recalling the expression on Qi Ao Shuang’s face back then, it was obvious that she was trying her best to hold it in. Parina’s final conclusion was that Qi Ao Shuang was not that kind of hobby. She just wanted to reject him that way!

“Tsk, tsk, how can you be so heartless?” “I was so enthusiastic just now, but now you’re saying such heartless words to me. I’m so sad …” Jonathan looked at the exasperated Perina with an aggrieved expression, feeling extremely wronged.

Xiao Ao Shuang felt a chill run down her spine. It was as though what this fellow said was true.

“Damn it!” “I don’t believe your bullshit!” Parina stomped her feet and angrily shouted at Jonathan, “Get out of the way!”

“Why should I move aside?” Jonathan thought to himself. It seemed the girl in front of him knew he was lying to her. This wasn’t too good, her feelings towards Qi Ao Shuang were something that Qi Ao Shuang couldn’t accept. Because Xiao Ao Shuang is also a girl!

“Get out of the way!” Perina was so angry that she stepped forward and tried to push Jonathan away. Of course, Jonathan was willing to defend it with his life, but he wouldn’t let it go. However, she was able to defend against Parina, and could not defend against Tanasha. Taking advantage of this, she rushed past the two of them and arrived in front of Xiao Ao Shuang.

“Junior brother, I’m sorry. It was all because of me that things turned out that way!” “Sorry, sorry.” Talena stood in front of Qi Ao Shuang, looking at Qi Ao Shuang with a miserable expression. “Junior brother, I’m really worried about you disappearing these days.” So I’ve been waiting for you here. " Tears began to form at the corners of her eyes. She no longer cared about her so-called modesty. Ever since Qi Ao Shuang left the Tian Dao Sect, Ta Lina had been extremely worried and rushed back to the academy. However, there was no sign of Qi Ao Shuang in the academy. No one knew where he had gone. In this half a month, Tanina had been in constant fear and worry all day, and she finally understood the position Qi Ao Shuang held in her heart. No one could take her place any longer. He completely understood what he was thinking. That was, she had really fallen for Qi Ao Shuang.

“Tarina!” “Stop being so pretentious!” Seeing that Tarina had seized the initiative, she became anxious. Unsure of where she had gotten her strength from, she pushed Jonathan away and rushed over.

Jonathan gaped at the scene in front of him, not knowing what to do.

As for Qi Ao Shuang, she had a headache. She knew that today’s matter would not be so simple to avoid!

“Junior brother, I’m really worried about you.” “I, I don’t want to see you in trouble. I just want to see you safe.” Talina didn’t pay any attention to Parina. Instead, she looked at Xiao Ao Shuang and earnestly said these words. She was no longer as sad as before, standing far away and watching Qi Ao Shuang and Parina together. She had to act, or nothing would ever happen again. People must strive for once. If he didn’t try once, how could he know if he would succeed?

“Qi Ao Shuang!” Parina raised her voice, her tone angry and worried. “You!” Didn’t you see how many days I’ve been waiting for you? “Don’t you understand my intentions?”

Qi Ao Shuang rubbed her head, suddenly feeling the darkness of the world, flying sand, stones, and extreme pain.

“You should understand my intentions as well.” Qi Ao Shuang said with a headache.

“Are you going to refuse me again?” Tell me the reason, is it because of her? Is it because of your so-called senior sister?! Parina was both anxious and angry. She pointed a finger at Tanina and asked in a flustered and exasperated tone. However, his eyes were extremely complicated. There was hope and fear in them … Naturally, he was hoping that Qi Aushuang would say no, afraid that Qi Aushuang would admit her guesses.

At this moment, Tanina was extremely nervous. She stared at Qi Ao Shuang, waiting for her reply.

Qi Ao Shuang was very conflicted. She looked at Parina who was even more conflicted, then looked at the hopeful look on Tanina’s face. Finally, she softly replied, “No.”

Hearing these words, Tarina’s eyes were filled with disappointment. Parina was secretly delighted. That’s great, Qi Ao Shuang doesn’t like this so-called senior sister!

“But I won’t accept you either.” Qi Ao Shuang sighed softly, looking at the two women solemnly, before saying: “I will tell you all clearly now, I truly only treat you two as little sisters, and have no other intentions.” “I won’t respond to your wishes, nor will I like you.”

The two girls stared blankly at the solemn expression of Qi Ao Shuang, the bitterness in their hearts slowly increasing.

“Why?”

“Why?”

The two ladies asked the same question at the same time, their faces filled with unwillingness and impatience.

Because she was a woman. Jonathan was silent, but he was shouting in his heart. Of course, he didn’t dare to say it out loud. He could only stand by the side and watch silently. It was impossible to do it now for the same reason that had sent Parina away.

Looking at the two eager ladies in front of her, Qi Ao Shuang sighed and said seriously, “Do you two know why I had to step into the Void Shattering Realm?”

“Why?” Tarina was startled, and then she immediately asked.

“Is it because of the unceasing pursuit of power?” Parina asked doubtfully, but in her heart, she had already rejected her conjecture. Qi Ao Shuang did have a pursuit for power, but it was definitely not that sort of sick pursuit.

“I want to go to another plane. Someone is waiting for me there.” “I have to go. I have to go.” Qi Ao Shuang raised her head and looked at the endless sky. Her eyes were filled with disappointment and sadness, and her voice was filled with sadness.

“Someone’s waiting for you?” Who is it? “Your sweetheart?!” Seeing the expression on Qi Ao Shuang’s face, Parina immediately asked anxiously.

However, the expression on Tanina’s face when she looked at Qi Ao Shuang fell silent. She remembered the first time she saw this youth before her eyes, and she saw the faint sadness in his eyes. So, the source of sadness is here? The person he loved had already stepped into the Space Shattering Realm and was waiting for him in that world. Had he always been so sad because he had never been able to reach that level before the two of them had left each other like this? In that case, that person must be very important in his heart, very important.

Qi Ao Shuang lowered her head and looked at the anxious Palina. She smiled, but didn’t deny nor admit it. However, such an attitude had already been tacitly accepted.

“You, you want to meet the person you love?” “You, you really have someone you like?” Parina’s eyes glittered with tears, her heart aching.

However, she had already lowered her head, not saying a word.

Looking at the scene before him, Jonathan listened to the conversation of the three of them. Jonathan did not know what was wrong with himself, after Parina had guessed that she would agree with him. At that moment, he felt a sharp pain in his heart. Xiao Aushuang already had a lover? That was why he was pretending to be a man in order to prevent unnecessary trouble. And the reason why he entered the Star Academy was to step into the Space Shattering Realm as soon as possible to meet that person?

What kind of person was that exactly? What kind of person was he that caused Xiao Ao Shuang to be so reckless?

"Don’t waste your time on me, understand? I won’t like you, never will. " Qi Ao Shuang did not hesitate, instead she said those words very seriously and decisively. She knew that the more she couldn’t bear it, the more cruel it was. She had to completely cut off their thoughts.

With tears in her eyes, she lowered her head in pain, not saying a word.

Parina’s face was also full of sadness, and her tears were already flowing uncontrollably down her face.

Xiao Ao Shuang furrowed her brow slightly, saying cruelly: “I have said it clearly, please stop pestering me.” “I really don’t have any feelings for you, nor will I ever again.” After Xiao Ao Shuang said this, she walked past the two people and headed up the stone stairs.

The two women stood still on the spot.

Jonathan looked at the two of them, and an indescribable bitterness welled up in his heart. With a sigh, he followed behind Xiao Ao Shuang up the stairs.

Qi Ao Shuang was silent the whole way, and Jonathan was even more silent.

The two of them returned to the dormitory.

After returning to the dormitory, Xiao Ao Shuang threw herself onto the bed. After letting out a long breath, she stared blankly at the curtain of the bed above her head.

A person’s feelings were truly very subtle …

However, Qi Ao Shuang did not regret rejecting them so decisively. This should be the best way to deal with it.

After closing her eyes and resting for a while, Qi Ao Shuang got up and prepared to take a bath.

At this time, Zhangkong came out of his hiding place and said with lingering fear, “Qi Aoshuang, I was really scared today. I didn’t expect to meet Lord Jing Feng.”

“He’s strong.” “I know.” Qi Ao Shuang took off her clothes and prepared to take a bath.

“He’s not just strong. He’s actually the one supporting this plane.” “He is the guardian of this plane.” The sky patted its chest and said with some fright, “Our race obeys his orders.” I sneaked out, and if he blamed me, I was finished! He can make me disappear from this world in an instant. “Ah, ah, how terrible.” The sky was full of fear.

“I always feel that he knows a lot of hidden secrets. He even knows about the conspiracy behind all of this.” Qi Ao Shuang said in a low voice with a frown, “But I can’t tell you the reason, right?”

“We can’t afford to mess with him.” “I don’t want to know what he knows. What if he silences us?!”

Qi Ao Shuang was silent as she thought.

“Qi Ao Shuang, what are you thinking about?” Zhangkong asked, raising his voice.

"I was thinking. Camille. Qi Ao Shuang said softly.

“Who?” “Who’s Camille?” The sky was surprised.