Volume 1

Chapter 295

Stunning Edge - C295

“Ao Shuang, you can’t go to the ninth level!” “I forbid you to go!” Jonathan said so clearly and forcefully!

Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she looked at Jonathan, who had a serious face, and asked in a low voice, “Jonathan, what are you talking about?”

“I say, I forbid you to go!” Jonathan spat out these words again.

“As I said, I have a reason to go.” Xiao Ao Shuang said passively: “I understand your painstaking efforts, I understand.” But you should remember what I said. “I have a reason to go, even if I have to.”

“Why?” Why do you have to go? Even if I have to lose my life? “What is it?” Jonathan was anxious and quickly asked a series of questions.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan who looked like he was going crazy. Suddenly, a faint smile appeared on her face. Her eyes seemed to be filled with a sense of loss, as if she could see very far through Jonathan.

Jonathan looked at the smiling Qi Ao Shuang in a daze. Why did he have such a strange feeling? This Xiao Aushuang was clearly laughing, but why did she give off such a sorrowful feeling? What was her grief, and why? Suddenly, Jonathan wondered why Qi Ao Shuang was acting like this. He felt a slight pang in his heart.

“Jonathan, everyone has their own persistence.” Qi Ao Shuang reached out her hand and patted Jonathan’s shoulder, smiling, “Everyone’s determination is unshakable, and mine is the same.”

With that, Qi Ao Shuang walked past Jonathan and walked on alone. Jonathan stood still for a long time.

Everyone had their own persistence.

Jonathan slowly turned his head to look at his shoulder. There seemed to be the warmth of Qi Ao Shuang’s hand.

Xiao Aushuang, why did you choose to go to that place even though you knew you might die? What was the reason why he had to go? Was someone waiting for her there? A faint jealousy rose in Jonathan’s heart. What kind of person was it, who could make Xiao Aushuang go to that dangerous place so recklessly?

“Qi Ao Shuang!” Suddenly, Xiao Ao Shuang’s voice sounded in her mind.

“Huh?” “How did you come back to life?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked in a teasing tone.

“Damn!” It was as if I was dead. I was sleeping in your body. By the way, he had upgraded himself. “I heard all that just now.” “I also want to know how you knew there was a chance of losing your life, or do you want to go?”

“Haha, since when did Wind Origin become such a gossiper?” Qi Ao Shuang did not directly answer him, but instead smiled as she changed the topic.

“Hey!” “This young master is asking you a very serious question!” The sky was beginning to brighten with dissatisfaction.

Qi Ao Shuang raised her head and looked into the distance, remaining silent.

“Hey, Qi Ao Shuang, tell me, why is it?” What is the reason for your death? I don’t want you to die. Tut, don’t get me wrong, I’m not worried about you, I’m just afraid that if you die, I won’t be able to find someone as strong as you to be my home anymore. Then I’m going back to that boring place. “Are you listening to me? I’m asking you a question!” The sky was chattering noisily.

However, the corners of Qi Ao Shuang’s lips curved up in a faint smile as she said softly: “Zhangkong, in that place, there are two people waiting for me.” I must go, I must go to them. To that end, I will not hesitate to pay any price. " Xiao Aushuang understood that even though the sky was noisy and noisy, it was actually just worrying about her.

“Two people?” Who? Where are they waiting for you? They have already reached the Space Shattering Realm and went there before you? So you’re going to look for them? However, Qi Ao Shuang, I heard some of what you guys said earlier. Are you sure you’ll be safe where you want to be? " This time, the worry in his voice could not be hidden.

“I’ll be there.” “Zhangkong, don’t worry, I won’t put you in danger.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled faintly, comforting Chang.

“Pah!” This young master is not a person who is afraid of death! “How dare you treat this young master like this? If this young master gets angry, then I will go back to sleep.” Chang Kong spat angrily, his voice fading away from Xiao Ao Shuang’s mind.

Qi Ao Shuang smiled, shook her head and continued walking forward. When he got back to the dormitory, he saw that Parina was leaning against a big tree with a worried expression on her face.

“Parina?” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a low voice.

“Qi Ao Shuang!” “Qi Ao Shuang!” When Parina heard Xiao Aushuang’s voice, she was stunned for a moment before she raised her head and saw his face. After seeing his face, she ran over ecstatically and threw herself into his arms.

“Qi Ao Shuang, I …” Parina opened her mouth to be interrupted by Qi Ao Shuang’s whisper.

“Shh, your brother is fine. I’ll let him find a place to settle down first.” I’ll take care of this as soon as I can. " Xiao Ao Shuang lowered her head and said to Parina in a low voice.

“En, I believe in you. I believe in you …” Parina lifted her head from Qi Ao Shuang’s embrace. She looked at Qi Ao Shuang and nodded resolutely. “I believe you.”

“Silly girl, alright, it’s not good to be seen like this.” Xiao Ao Shuang grabbed her shoulders and pulled her out of her embrace.

“What’s wrong with that?” Hmph! “That’s better, in case that senior sister of yours still has unorthodox intentions towards you!” This time, Parina no longer concealed her thoughts. Instead, she directly said something that caused Xiao Aushuang to be surprised.

“Parina?!” Qi Ao Shuang’s expression changed as she looked at the person in front of her.

“Qi Ao Shuang, you’re different, you’re different from those idiots!” You are a good man! I like you, I like you! “You’re different, you’re special!” Looking into Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, she resolutely and quickly said those words. After saying that, he threw himself into Qi Ao Shuang’s embrace and hugged Qi Ao Shuang tightly.

Qi Ao Shuang almost fainted! He was both shocked and annoyed. What he feared the most had actually happened! Parina had been tempted by him!

“Listen to me, Parina. You can’t like me, and I can’t be with you.” Xiao Ao Shuang lifted Parina out of his embrace once again and tried to persuade her.

“I know, I know. We are not on the same level, and your strength is far above mine. Once this matter is settled, there will be a day when you will leave me and leave this place.” But I just hope I can be with you, by your side, before you leave. “That’s enough!” Parina raised her head and looked at Qi Ao Shuang as she earnestly narrated her story. Her eyes sparkled.

Xiao Aushuang felt a headache coming on, and she said patiently: “Parina, listen to me, it’s impossible between you and me.”

“Why?” Don’t you like me? I’m not beautiful enough? Or am I disobedient? “If you’re not satisfied with anything, I can change it!” Parina was getting anxious.

“It’s not these questions, it’s … it’s …” Qi Ao Shuang felt embarrassed. After thinking for a while, she looked at Parina’s earnest eyes and said, “Parina, I like you …”

Before she could finish her words, Parina was already in high spirits. She was so happy that she was about to pounce on him again.

“But I just think of you as a sister, you know?” “She’s just a cute, occasionally willful little sister.” These were indeed the words from the bottom of her heart. Towards Parina, Xiao Aushuang only treated her as a little sister. This little girl, although she was a little willful and playful at times, she was not bad in nature, and could even be said to be a good girl. From the way she took her brother, he could tell that she was a good woman with good feelings and loyalty.

“Qi Ao Shuang!” You’re talking nonsense! “You just like me, how can you use such a lousy excuse to fend me off?!” Parina stomped her feet and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang angrily.

“I …” Just as Xiao Ao Shuang was about to explain further, a weird laughter came from the distance.

“Parina, you’ve been with Ao Shuang for so long, haven’t you found a serious problem?” “Haha.” The weird laughter was none other than Jonathan, who was walking over!

“What?” Parina was stunned. She turned around and looked at Jonathan, who had a wretched smile on his face. She felt suspicious and an ominous feeling arose in her heart.

“You didn’t realize that we, Ao Shuang, don’t like women?” He liked men. “I’ve long been in love with her. We’re a couple.” Jonathan walked over and naturally put his arm around Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulders. He chuckled as he looked at the pale-faced Palina.

Qi Ao Shuang trembled, her face darkened. She resisted the urge to break the hand on her shoulder, and remained silent with a darkened face.

“Nonsense!” Jonathan, you, you. Parina was shocked and angry. She pointed a finger at Jonathan, wanting to curse Jonathan for being a pervert. However, she didn’t curse him out. This way, she might be able to scold Xiao Ao Shuang along with her.

“Nonsense!” Nonsense! Parina’s eyes were filled with tears as she looked pleadingly at Qi Ao Shuang. “Qi Ao Shuang, it’s not true. Jonathan is talking nonsense right?”

Qi Ao Shuang held back her internal injuries and did not say a word.

Is this the default?

Despair flashed through Parina’s eyes. Qi Ao Shuang, was it really not normal? Was it really a match with Jonathan? How could this be? How could that be!

“Ao Shuang, what shall we have for lunch later?” Jonathan looked at her with a smile.

As for Qi Ao Shuang, she remained silent. To Parina, such an action seemed to tacitly accept everything.

Perina could bear it no longer. Tears welled up in her eyes and ran away.

When Parina’s figure disappeared, Jonathan saw an unknown object enlarge in front of his eyes. Then, the intense pain from her eyes made him scream again and again.

“Ah — Ao Shuang, you, how could you bear to hit me?” “But, but your…” Jonathan covered his eyes and cried out like a ghost. He wanted to say ‘lover’, but after seeing the murderous look in Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, he didn’t dare to say those two words out loud.

Qi Ao Shuang’s face turned green. Clearly, she was not happy with the way she rejected Parina. But… Xiao Aushuang looked up at the sky, but the result was good, wasn’t it?

Qi Ao Shuang sighed softly and walked forward.

“Ao Shuang, wait for me. Where are you going?” Jonathan got up and was about to follow.

“Nonsense! Cut off your tongue!” Xiao Ao Shuang turned around and looked at Jonathan with a cold gaze.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. There’s no one else here.” Jonathan was still smiling mischievously, a strange feeling rising in his heart.

“Hmph!” Xiao Ao Shuang said coldly and walked forward quickly.

Jonathan was still giggling.

When he returned to the dormitory, Jin Yan stood silently at the entrance.

“Young master.” Jin Yan spoke softly.

“Huh?” “Jin Yan, what’s the matter?” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Today, a woman by the name of Tarina came looking for you.” Jin Yan whispered.

“Senior Sister, why have you come looking for me?” Xiao Ao Shuang was even more confused.

“Ask me to give you this letter.” Jin Yan handed over a letter.

“Oh?” Qi Ao Shuang took it over and quickly opened it. After looking through it, her face turned solemn.

“What’s wrong?” “Young master, what happened?” Jin Yan asked worriedly.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly nodded without saying anything. In the letter, Tanina had told her one thing: the chaos in the Heavenly Dao Sect. Talina expressed all of this hesitantly to Qi Ao Shuang, saying that she did not have the right to ask Qi Ao Shuang to clean up the sect. However, she had no other choice. She could only ask for help from Qi Ao Shuang.

“The Tian Dao Sect has something on. I want to make a trip.” Qi Ao Shuang put the letter away and said in a deep voice.

“Young master, you want to go to the Heaven’s Path Sect?” “Then?” Jin Yan frowned slightly.

"You don’t have to follow me. Stay with Wynes and help him. After all, he has yet to regain his footing. Furthermore, there may be some evil remnants of the previous City Lord that may be detrimental to him. " Without waiting for Jin Yan to object, Qi Ao Shuang smiled and said, “Jin Yan, don’t worry about me. I will take care of everything.” “And there’s someone who won’t let me get into trouble.”

Jin Yan’s heart sank. Looking at the self-mocking smile on the corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth, he naturally understood who the person that Qi Ao Shuang was talking about was. That was Dittos, the cold-blooded and dangerous man. Naturally, that person would not allow any accidents to happen to Qi Ao Shuang. A perverted desire to protect … To satisfy his hidden fear of loneliness.

"Don’t worry about me. Just stay with Wynes. “I’ll be back as soon as I’m done.” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly became absent-minded. How long will it take for that mysterious man in white to reappear?

“Young Master, be careful.” Jin Yan lowered his head and spoke slowly in a deep voice.

“Yes, you have to be careful as well.” I’ll go to Tarina now. " Qi Ao Shuang sighed softly. She didn’t even open the door to her dorm before turning around and walking out. In her letter, Tanina had said that she would wait at the school gates until nightfall. If Xiao Ao Shuang did not show up, she would return to the Heavenly Dao Sect by herself.

When Qi Aushuang appeared at the school gates, the waiting Tanina revealed an expression of joy. She abruptly stood up, wanting to rush over to welcome them, but in the end, she held it back.

“Senior Sister, are you alone?” Xiao Ao Shuang walked closer and only saw that Talina was alone. She couldn’t help but ask with some doubt.

“They … they’re going back first.” “I …” Talena felt a little awkward.

Xiao Ao Shuang understood that those people probably thought that she wouldn’t interfere in the affairs of the Tian Dao Sect, so they all went back first. It was no wonder that these people thought this way. Qi Ao Shuang was originally arranged by elder Artis, and had no ties or feelings with the Tian Dao Sect. Regardless of how chaotic the Heaven’s Path Sect was, it was still reasonable. Was it only Talina who was willing to give him a try? Just as Qi Ao Shuang thought of this, she was thunderstruck by what she said.

“I, I know you will definitely come.” I know you won’t let it go. " Hearing these words, Tanina’s eyes sparkled as she stared fixedly at Qi Ao Shuang. Qi Ao Shuang felt a chill run down her spine. Because of that look in her eyes, why did she look so similar to Parina?

"Senior Sister, don’t misunderstand, I didn’t come here because of you. “No matter what, I am from the Heaven’s Path Sect, recommended by the Heaven’s Path Sect to participate in the examination.” Xiao Ao Shuang was afraid that Tanina would have feelings for her just like Parina, so she immediately explained. Although her words weren’t pleasant to hear, Xiao Ao Shuang felt that it was necessary to clarify them as soon as possible, “So, Senior Sister, please don’t misunderstand me. I don’t have any intentions for you.”

Ta Lina’s expression changed slightly as her eyes dimmed. However, she recovered immediately and said with a smile, “No, Qi Ao Shuang, I didn’t think that you were here for me.” I just know you’re not a heartless person. “You will definitely help the Tian Dao Sect tide over this crisis. You are a good person.”

Stab! “Please, do you want everyone to say that?” What good people? Don’t you know that good people usually end up badly?

“Alright then, let’s hurry up and set out.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded.

“Ao Shuang, Ao Shuang, wait! Where are you going?” Jonathan’s voice came again.

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and pursed her lips. She wanted to ignore Jonathan and leave, but when she saw the expectant expression on her face, she hesitated for a moment before making a tough decision.

All right, Jonathan, you silly bird! Just in case I still brought you along, if I were to encounter that kind of situation again, at most I would just suffer an internal injury and beat you up once more.

“To the Tian Dao Sect.” “Come on, come on, it’s good to have free labor.” Qi Ao Shuang said as she turned to look at Jonathan. Out of the corner of her eyes, Qi Ao Shuang noticed the disappointment in Tanina’s eyes. There was no chance for the two of them to be alone.

“Oh oh, Tian Dao Sect?” Was it the civil strife? “Alright, I’ll go as well. I should be able to help you.” Jonathan ran over and pointed out the current situation of the Tian Dao Sect. Talina’s expression changed. The conversation between the two of them could already be seen. Qi Ao Shuang did not tell Jonathan what had happened in the letter. Why did Jonathan already know about what had happened in the Tian Dao Sect?

“Then let’s go.” Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything more, turned around and walked down the stairs. The two followed closely behind.

The long stone staircase wound down, with Qi Ao Shuang in front and Jonathan and Tarina following side by side. Jonathan glanced at her out of the corner of his eye and noticed the look in her eyes as she looked at Qi Ao Shuang. He could not help but sigh in his heart: another woman poisoned by Qi Ao Shuang. If these ladies were to know of the true identity of Qi Ao Shuang, wouldn’t they go into a frenzy? Was the person she was madly in love with actually a woman? I hope this woman doesn’t force me to use “extraordinary methods” like Parina did. I’m afraid my eyes will be in trouble again. Jonathan couldn’t help touching his eyes and sighing.

After walking down the stone staircase, they reached the bottom of the mountain. Qi Ao Shuang turned to look at Ta Lina and asked, “Can you fly?”

Tarrina was stunned for a moment, then she shook her head embarrassedly.

Xiao Ao Shuang hesitated for a moment. Just as she was about to take Ta Lina with him, Jonathan had already grabbed her, “It’s alright. I’ll just take you with me. Ao Shuang, you can lead the way. Let’s go.”

Qi Ao Shuang felt relieved. She smiled gratefully at Jonathan before slowly floating up. Jonathan grinned, then flew up with Tarina in his arms. Looking at the back of Qi Ao Shuang, her heart was filled with mixed feelings. She could tell from the relieved smile on Qi Ao Shuang’s face just now.

Xiao Aushuang, are you that unwilling to be closer to me? Was it because of that woman? The one called Parina? Tarrina lowered her eyes and said no more.

The three of them headed towards the Tian Dao Sect with the fastest speed possible. Only when they arrived in front of the massive stone gate of the Heaven Gate did the other disciples arrive. When the disciples arrived and saw Qi Ao Shuang and the other two descending from the sky, they were extremely shocked. Especially when Jacklin saw the impassive Qi Ao Shuang landing in front of him, he felt even more conflicted. The pretty boy that he had identified back then was now the second ranked student in the school, possessing the strength of an 8-star. Previously, he tried his best to stop himself from asking for help from Qi Ao Shuang in front of everyone, because he believed that she was a heartless person. However, Qi Ao Shuang appeared here even faster than them.

“Senior Sister, Senior Sister!”

“Senior sister …”

A group of disciples surrounded him, their faces full of pleasant surprise. None of them thought that Qi Aoshuang would actually come, and Jonathan was with her as well. Jonathan was by no means a kind man, much less a busybody. But now they were all here at the same time. Other than the fact that Qi Ao Shuang was willing to invite him, was there any other reason?

The disciples of the Heavenly Law Sect had guessed wrong about this. Jonathan was not invited by Qi Ao Shuang, but by him.

“How’s it going?” Qi Ao Shuang said lightly.

"I don’t know how it is now, but we just arrived. However, according to the Junior Brothers and Sisters who were still in the sect, things weren’t looking good. The inner workings of the Tian Dao Sect had already been divided into seven or eight factions … At this time, Jacklin’s attitude towards Qi Ao Shuang had already improved, and he took the initiative to explain.

“Then let’s go in and take a look.” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the wide but empty open ground in front of her and said with a frown.

Why would there be internal strife in the Tian Dao Sect all of a sudden?

What was Artis doing?

Qi Ao Shuang was the first to lead the way, and the others quickly followed behind. Jonathan followed.

Talena stood at the very back, staring at the back of Xiao Ao Shuang in a daze.

“Senior Sister!” “Only you can invite Junior Brother Qi Ao Shuang.”

“That’s right, junior brother has feelings for you.”

“Of course, senior sister and junior brother, do you still need to say that?” “They’ve already fallen in love long ago!”

A group of junior sisters were chattering incessantly around Talina.

Talena pursed her lips, about to say something.