Volume 1

Chapter 294

Stunning Edge - C294

Jonathan stopped and looked at the mirror in his hand. His heart was in turmoil. He could not calm down. The image in the mirror just now was just a flash, but it was deeply engraved in Jonathan’s heart. There was no mistake. That figure was definitely a woman!

That is to say, Xiao Aushuang, is he really a woman?

Dittos walked past Jonathan expressionlessly. He looked at Jonathan, who was still in a daze. Jonathan’s expression was extremely strange.

Jonathan sensed that Dittos was looking at him. He put the mirror away and hurried after him. However, the inexplicable emotion in the depths of her eyes immediately concealed itself. Jonathan hurried after him. When they arrived at the entrance of the Heavenly Tower, Qi Ao Shuang had already entered, and the two of them chased after her without a word.

At this time, Xiao Ao Shuang rushed inside. She was already very familiar with the terrain, but that didn’t mean that Parina’s brother Brill knew about it. Therefore, Xiao Ao Shuang quickly gave chase. The indifferent figure in the distance, the chestnut colored hair, the tall and straight back, as well as the black clothes she wore.

“Brill!” Xiao Ao Shuang called out from afar and stopped the people walking in front.

Brill turned around and narrowed his eyes at the people who were rushing over. Without thinking, he shouted out Qi Ao Shuang’s name, “Qi Ao Shuang!” Not the tone of doubt, but certainty. The extraordinary youth that her sister Parina spoke of should be her. His hair was fiery red, and his eyes were cold and resolute.

“Alright.” Xiao Ao Shuang rushed to the front of Brill, nodded, and looked at Brill from head to toe. After confirming that the man in front of her was unharmed, she was finally able to relax.

“Thank you.” Brill looked into Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes and said in a deep voice. He could tell that this red-haired youth was truly worried for him. His sister’s vision was really good. The aura that this youth emitted from between his brows was very different from that of an ordinary person. It was only a matter of time before this youth stepped into the Space Shattering Realm. Brill looked at Qi Ao Shuang with much friendlier eyes. Firstly, he was worried for her, and secondly, it was because of his sister, Parina. His burning gaze made Qi Ao Shuang’s hair stand on end. However, how could she have imagined that the other party had already treated him like a brother-in-law?

“Parina’s worried about you.” Qi Ao Shuang paused for a moment, looking at the person in front of her as she spoke slowly, “This Heavenly Tower, even the first eight floors won’t have much trouble for you.” “The key point is the ninth floor.”

“Yes, the dean wants me to go to the ninth floor.” Brill nodded.

“That level…” Dangerous. I didn’t go up there. " Qi Ao Shuang frowned, her mind naturally thinking of the mysterious man in white.

“Don’t want to or can’t?” As expected, Brill was no ordinary person. He immediately asked the crucial question.

“No.” Someone stopped me. " Qi Ao Shuang lowered her eyes and said softly.

“Is it a man in white?” Brill asked such a shocking question.

“You know him?” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly lifted her head and asked in surprise.

“No!” “I’ve seen him before. I just entered the Heavenly Pagoda and met him. He told me not to go up the ninth floor even if I could.” Brill went on thoughtfully. “He seems to know something we don’t.”

“I think so, but he didn’t say anything. He just kept us waiting.” Qi Ao Shuang bit her lips gently as she thought back to the mysterious man.

“I also think …” Brill was about to speak when Jonathan’s voice came from a distance.

“Qi Ao Shuang, Qi Ao Shuang!” “Wait for us!” As the sound grew closer, Jonathan and Dittos caught up with them.

“Why did you guys come as well?” Qi Ao Shuang turned around to look at the two approaching people and asked curiously.

“Are you all right?” Jonathan stared at Qi Ao Shuang and asked.

“I’m fine. I just came in, how could anything happen to me?” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan suspiciously. She felt that there was something wrong with his tone.

“Oh, it’s good that you’re fine.” Jonathan also seemed to feel that something was wrong with him. He replied in an embarrassed low voice and did not say anything else.

A cold light flashed across Dittos’ eyes as he silently looked at Brill.

“Dittos, why are you here as well?” Xiao Aoshuang looked at Dentance in puzzlement.

“Nothing, let’s take a look.” Dittas replied coldly and did not say anything else.

The atmosphere immediately turned stiff. Jonathan lowered his head slightly but kept glancing at her out of the corner of his eye. His eyes seemed to be drifting and hesitant at the same time.

“So, what are you going to do next?” “Do you want to go up and take a look?” Qi Ao Shuang turned to look at Brill and asked.

“No.” Brill shook his head slowly. “I’ve always felt something was wrong.” “I always had a feeling that once I step into the Space Shattering Realm, what awaits me is not another world, but death.” When Brill said this, his tone was flat and his emotions were natural.

After Brill said this, everyone’s expressions changed. Qi Ao Shuang’s face sank, because she could faintly feel that what Brill said was the truth. This was the reason why the mysterious man stopped them from entering the ninth floor. But what exactly did the Star Academy want to do?

"I’ve been wondering about that, too. But I can’t find out. “Our family can’t find any clues either.” Jonathan spoke in a hoarse voice.

Xiao Aushuang was stunned, she did not expect that there were more than one or two people who had such suspicions.

“So what?” “Even so, I still want to make a breakthrough.” At this point of time, the tone of the voice was as cold as ever, calm and collected. The conversation between the crowd just now had not affected his emotions in the slightest.

“Dittos, you …” Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly, “Did you sense something earlier?”

“Hmph!” “The first person to reach the eighth level of the trial on his first try, do you really think that you have only reached the eighth level?”

“What do you mean?” Jonathan frowned and asked cautiously.

Brill, too, looked stunned.

“That person reached the ninth level!” Moreover, he successfully broke through the Void Shattering Realm, and then discovered some unknown secret, which is why he broke with the Star Academy and wanted to destroy the Star Heavenly Pagoda! " With a cold glare in his eyes, Dickens clearly stated his guesses word by word, but it was also the truth!

The expressions of the crowd changed drastically, and Qi Ao Shuang was even more alarmed. In other words, that mysterious man in white clothes was the one who tried to destroy the Sky Tower! It was the person who had passed the ninth level on his first try. Yes, that must be it. All sorts of thoughts were connected in his mind, becoming clearer and clearer.

However, since he had already broken through the Space Shattering Realm, how could he still remain in this plane and fight against the people from the Star Academy?

“However, there is one thing I do not understand. He has already broken through to the Space Shattering Realm, but he is still able to freely travel through this world.” Dylan frowned slightly, whispering the same question that Qi Ao Shuang had.

“This, I really don’t know.” However, one thing is certain, there is a net behind the Star Academy that we do not know about. " Qi Ao Shuang had a serious look on her face, and before anyone could say anything, she lifted her head and said resolutely: “However, even so, I will still step into the Void Shattering Realm, and I will definitely step into it.”

“Ao Shuang!” “You, you know it’s dangerous, but you still want to go?” Jonathan did not notice that he had changed the way he referred to Qi Ao Shuang and the current Ao Shuang. His tone was also abnormally worried.

“Yes, I am going, I must go.” Qi Ao Shuang did not hesitate as she nodded with determination.

A satisfied smile flashed across Dittos’ eyes, but he didn’t say anything.

“You, don’t go. It’s so dangerous!” Jonathan was so anxious that he could not speak properly. Looking at Jonathan’s anxious expression, a hint of doubt flashed in Dittos’ eyes, but it was only a flash. Jonathan did seem a little unusual. But it seemed to make sense. Jonathan knew Dittos’s character, and once the decision was made, it was only natural that Jonathan would not advise him. However, the attitude towards Qi Ao Shuang seemed a little unusual, but also seemed to be within reason.

“Alright, let’s not talk about this for now. What do we do now?” Xiao Ao Shuang looked around and asked indifferently.

“I want to stay in this Heavenly Tower and wait for the man in white to appear again.” “I’m not going to the ninth floor yet.” Brill said in a deep voice.

“Yes, that’s fine.” “You can find a better place to rest first in the Sky Tower.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded in agreement.

“Let’s go.” “But we’ll be here again soon.” Dittos turned around and casually threw out those words.

Xiao Ao Shuang nodded to Brill, then turned around and followed him. Before Jonathan could regain his senses, his eyes glazed over and he stood still.

Brill looked at Jonathan suspiciously, but did not call him. All he had to do now was to find a place to settle down.

After a long time, Jonathan came back to his senses. Looking at the disappearing back of Qi Ao Shuang, his heart sank. Then, his eyes flashed as if he had made up his mind on something, and he quickly chased after them.

After leaving the Sky Tower, Dittas left. Qi Ao Shuang lowered her head as if she was thinking about something. After Jonathan came out, he looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s back and without thinking, he rushed in front of Qi Ao Shuang and extended his hand to stop her.

“Jonathan?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Jonathan with a serious face and asked in confusion.

“Ao Shuang, you can’t go to the ninth level!” “I forbid you to go!” Jonathan said so clearly and forcefully!