Volume 1

Chapter 296

Stunning Edge - C296

A group of junior sisters were chattering incessantly around Talina.

Talena pursed her lips, about to say something.

“Senior Sister, this is great! This time, the problem with the Tian Dao Sect will be solved successfully.” “It’s all thanks to senior sister.”

“That’s right, if it’s not you, Junior Qi Ao Shuang will definitely not come back.”

“That’s right. After all, he was arranged by the elders to enter. He was only given a spot.” Strictly speaking, it was just a name. “I never thought he would actually come.”

“That’s right, senior sister. You’re really amazing …”

The surrounding group of junior sisters stared at her with admiring eyes and envious eyes, silencing her words. With a bitter smile on her face, she walked forward under the protection of the crowd.

The spacious plaza was devoid of people. After passing through the plaza and reaching the entrance of the Tian Dao Sect’s great hall, two disciples came forward to stop them. They sternly asked, “Who is it?”

“Disciple of the Heaven’s Path Sect, Qi Ao Shuang.” Qi Ao Shuang said in a light tone.

The expressions of the two disciples slightly changed, but after looking at each other, they did not show any intention of moving aside. Instead, he furrowed his brows and asked, “Junior Brother Qi Ao Shuang, you should be studying at the Star Academy right now. Why are you here?”

“Since the sect has matters to attend to, they naturally have to do their best.” How could Qi Ao Shuang not see through the hostility between the two of them, she coldly said.

“Who told you the sect was busy?” The sect was very good. “Junior Brother Qi Ao Shuang, please return to your academy.” The two disciples had cold expressions on their faces, but they were on alert and did not dare to shout out loud. After all, they already knew how strong Qi Ao Shuang was, and they knew that they were no match for Qi Ao Shuang.

“Nonsense!” His master had been injured a few days ago and was still recuperating. “The Tian Dao Sect has been torn apart by you, and you are Elder Blue’s disciples …” Hearing the words of the two people, she angrily stepped forward and berated them.

“You’re courting death!” “To slander my master, I have committed a heinous crime!” One of the disciples had a savage look on his face, and was about to attack just as he shouted angrily at her. His hands were glowing with a white light. It was obvious that this disciple’s cultivation was not low as well. He instantly cast a spell.

“Senior brother …” The face of a nearby disciple also changed. He wanted to stop them, but it was already too late.

The white light ferociously pounced towards Ta Lina. Ta Lina was startled, a trace of fear flashing in her eyes. She never thought that the other party would attack her just as he said, without the slightest bit of friendship between fellow disciples.

In the next moment, a figure appeared in front of Ta Lina. Qi Ao Shuang gently waved her hand, and that ray of white light turned around as if it had a life of its own, charging towards the disciple who had just made a move.

“Pu —” That white light ruthlessly struck that disciple. He spat out a mouthful of blood, and his face instantly became pale.

“Senior Brother, are you alright?” The nearby disciples hurriedly supported the injured disciples and asked worriedly.

“I think there’s something wrong. His internal injuries must be quite severe, haha.” Jonathan narrowed his eyes and jokingly said, “Also, I think that if you don’t leave now, he will not be the only one who has matters to attend to.”

“You!” You are an 8-star student of the Astral Academy, not a member of our Heaven’s Path Sect! “What qualifications do you have to interfere in the affairs of our Tian Dao Sect?” The injured disciple gritted his teeth in hatred as he saw Jonathan’s clothes.

“Did I say I would intervene?” “I’m here to spectate. I’m passing by, so please don’t mind me. You guys continue.” Jonathan squinted his eyes, smiled and said something. He then retreated behind Qi Ao Shuang. He crossed his arms in front of his chest, looking like he was waiting for a good show.

Jonathan’s words almost made the injured disciple spit out another mouthful of blood. He was so angry that his face turned white and blue, then white.

“Talina, how dare you bring outsiders to our Tian Dao Sect to cause trouble!” What are your intentions? “I’m afraid you’re the one who wants to split up our Tian Dao Sect as a sinner.” The nearby disciple seemed to be a bit more intelligent than the injured reckless disciple, and immediately threw the blame onto Tanasha’s head.

“I’m not, I’m not!” Talina had never seen such a formation before. She had met the aggressive gaze of that disciple, but she did not know how to deal with it. She could only repeat the denial, her face growing paler and paler. The disciples behind Tarina were beginning to panic as well.

“Shut up.” Qi Ao Shuang’s face turned cold, knowing that there was no benefit in continuing to pester her. With a flick of his finger, a sharp force attacked the disciple’s throat. Then, that disciple’s expression immediately became extremely strange. He reached out with his hand to strangle his neck, and desperately tried to grab onto his throat. Blood slowly flowed out from the corner of his mouth, but he could not utter another word. He could only stare at Qi Ao Shuang.

“You —!” The previous disciple looked at Qi Ao Shuang in fear, and just as he was about to point a finger at Qi Ao Shuang, Qi Ao Shuang used the same method to snatch away the sound. Both of them looked at Xiao Aushuang in fear, but they could not say a word.

Tarina and her group of disciples were stunned as well. They had never seen something like this before.

“Let’s go and meet the elders first.” Xiao Ao Shuang said casually, and walked past the two disciples with a face full of fear into the main hall.

When the two disciples saw this, they naturally didn’t dare to stop them. Instead, they turned around and rushed into the great hall to notify the others. Qi Ao Shuang did not stop them, allowing them to run as fast as they could. This was the fastest way to meet the people who truly ruled the Tian Dao Sect.

The huge hall was extremely quiet. This was the place where the Heavenly Dao Sect treated their guests and held meetings. Currently, there was no one around. Xiao Ao Shuang couldn’t be bothered to find someone else, directly finding a seat to sit down. Jonathan followed and sat down beside him. Talina and the other disciples looked at each other, not knowing what Qi Ao Shuang was trying to say.

“Junior brother Qi Ao Shuang, didn’t you say that you want to meet the elders?” Jack walked forward and asked nervously. Just now, Qi Ao Shuang’s cold methods had intimidated him.

“No, they’ll come themselves.” “Very quickly.” Qi Ao Shuang revealed a mocking smile. After she said that, she did not speak anymore. Instead, she sat by the side, closed her eyes and began to meditate.

Talina and the others were a little suspicious. They looked at each other, but no one questioned anymore.

Indeed, rapid footsteps could be heard from both sides of the hall.

“Aiyaya, it’s Little Ao Shuang! You’re back!” A hearty voice came from the left side door. A light footstep was mixed in with it. It was obvious that the people following behind were quite skilled.

“Qi Ao Shuang, are you here to help the Tian Dao Sect as well?” “That’s great, hahahaha …” A boorish laughter came from the right side of the hall. There was also a group of people following behind the speaker.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly opened her eyes, which flashed with a faint trace of ridicule. These people had already made it clear that they wanted to rope him in, didn’t they?

There were a total of six elders in the Tian Dao Sect. What was the reason for this change in events? Did Great Elder Artis not care?

Qi Ao Shuang frowned as she looked at the people walking out from both sides. The person on the left was thin and looked capable and capable. Qi Aushuang recognized this person; he was the Second Elder. The one on the right with a rough face, Qi Ao Shuang, recognized him as well. It was the Fourth Elder. It seemed like the two of them were already the biggest forces in the Tian Dao Sect. The others were probably just trying to avoid meeting him at the moment, that was all.

“Greetings, Uncle-Masters.” Xiao Ao Shuang stood up and slightly bowed.

“Haha, no need to be so polite.” How can we be your uncle-master? Your strength is far above ours. “I’m terrified of you calling me that.” Second Elder waved his hand with a smile, but his tone was very strange. Although he spoke of being unfamiliar, he also seemed to be trying to get on good terms with her. It was a strange way of speaking about getting on good terms with her. You, I, call me by that, but you keep saying that Qi Ao Shuang is far stronger than them. Qi Ao Shuang’s status in the Tian Dao Sect and his strength had indeed embarrassed these elders.

When they found out that Qi Ao Shuang had passed the eighth level and become an 8-star student on her first attempt, they immediately understood that Qi Ao Shuang’s strength was not ordinary. She had only borrowed the position of the Tian Dao Sect. For a nominal disciple with such strength to stand before them, it was indeed an embarrassing matter.

“Senior Masters, please have a seat.” Qi Ao Shuang said with a faint smile.

The two of them had just taken their seats when someone hurriedly spoke up.

“Qi Ao Shuang, you came back this time to help our Tian Dao Sect clean up the sect, right?” He was going to chase away all those ambitious fellows! “Give the Tian Dao Sect some peace and quiet.” The fourth elder stared at the second elder, who spoke in a hoarse voice.

“Fourth Elder, please be careful when you speak.” Everyone knows who has ambition and who wants to break up our Tian Dao Sect. Why do you have to be so phony? " The Second Elder looked at the Fourth Elder with a sidelong glance. However, he was not angry at all after hearing the Fourth Elder’s words. Instead, he smiled coldly and said those words in a light voice.

“You!” You old thing! What nonsense are you talking about? Today, I want to … The Fourth Elder was obviously a straightforward person. When he heard the Second Elder’s words, he got angry and stood up to attack.

When the group of disciples saw this, they immediately became nervous, afraid that the fourth elder would make a move on them. However, Qi Ao Shuang remained calm, with no intention to stop him. He just stared at the scene in front of him with cold eyes.

“What?” “You got it right and became angry from embarrassment?” The Second Elder let out a cold laugh. He was overjoyed to see the Fourth Elder being held back by the people around him. This brainless brute wanted to compete with him for the position of sect master? What a delusion! Thinking of this, the Second Elder added fuel to the fire, “Other than hurting people randomly, what else can you do?” “Have you forgotten that you have injured the Fifth Elder who is still lying on the bed?”

Hearing this, the expression on Ta Lina’s face immediately changed. She abruptly turned her head and glared at the fourth elder. So it was the Fourth Elder who had injured his master?

“You, what nonsense are you spouting?” “If you didn’t provoke me that day, how could you have mistakenly injured the Fifth Elder?” The Fourth Elder looked at the pale-faced Ta Lina and the rest, then looked at the cold and detached Qi Ao Shuang. Anxious, he hurriedly tried to defend himself.

“How can you be the Sect Leader if you are so reckless?” The Second Elder narrowed his eyes and said these words softly.

“That’s right, Fourth Elder. What we need is someone who can lead us. Someone who can bring glory to our Tian Dao Sect.”

“We don’t need a person who only knows how to fight and kill every day.”

….

The people behind the Second Elder started to speak up at the same time. They all had sincere and sincere expressions of pain on their faces.

“Bullshit. Other than scheming and bragging, what else does the Second Elder know?” “I am the one who will bring glory to the Heaven’s Path Sect!” The fourth elder was so anxious that he cursed loudly.

“That’s right, what we need is hot blood!”

“We need passion to stimulate our fighting spirit and keep moving forward!”

….

The people behind the fourth elder also started to help out. Unlike the people behind the second elder, they were all excited and looked extremely heroic.

“Do you want to fight?”

“Afraid of you?” “I’ll teach you a lesson today!”

…. The situation gradually became chaotic, and the atmosphere in the main hall became increasingly heated. This kind of farce would only happen once in a while.

She bit her lips and looked at the fourth elder fiercely. Her master was just like her father; he cared for her to the fullest extent, but now, he was being injured to the point that he couldn’t stay in bed! Extremely hateful!

Seeing that the two were about to fight again, a lazy voice interjected. The voice was not loud, but it seemed to pierce through everyone’s ears and heart.

“Can someone tell me how things ended up like this?” Where’s the sect master? “Where’s Great Elder Artis?” Qi Ao Shuang rested her chin on the armrest of her chair, looking at the crowd with a bored look on her face, and lazily asked.

The Second Elder and the Fourth Elder looked at each other and frowned. They then turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang and said at the same time, “The leader has escaped, the Head Elder has also escaped.”

“What do you mean?” Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned, and subconsciously asked this question.

Talina and the group of people were also stunned. They didn’t understand what the two were talking about.

"This is because Sovereign and Grand Elder have always been like this. This time, the Grand Elder seemed to have made up his mind and said something to Sovereign, and then the Sovereign ran away. The Grand Elder chased after him. “Furthermore, the two of us have said that we will ignore the affairs of the Tian Dao Sect from now on and let us settle it ourselves.” The Second Elder sounded like he was playing a riddle, his words seeming to be true or false.

“What do you mean?” I’ve always had that? “What is it?” Qi Ao Shuang frowned in confusion.

“It is exactly Artis who has been pursuing our sect leader. Otherwise, how could he become an elder of our Tian Dao Sect with his strength?” Now the two of them were finally enlightened. No, it was Artis who was finally enlightened and was going to marry the Sovereign. “If the Sect Leader doesn’t agree, run, and Artis will chase him.” The fourth elder said in a rough voice.

“Ah?!” Not only did Qi Ao Shuang open her mouth wide in shock, even Tanina’s group was shocked with expressions of disbelief on her face. No one thought that there would be such an inside story. At first, the disciples thought that Artis owed the Sect Leader a huge favor, which was why he was willing to submit to the Tian Dao Sect. They never thought that there would be such a conspiracy between them!

Jonathan blinked, not surprised. His family seemed to know everything.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the Second Elder who was staring at the Fourth Elder with a reproachful look, while the Fourth Elder shrugged his shoulders as if he didn’t mind. Qi Ao Shuang opened her mouth wide, but didn’t close it for a long time. No, Artis was so fond of it. It turned out that he liked men! He had actually hooked up with the Sect Leader of the Celestial Sect of Wonders, and it seemed that he had been hiding for so many years. He had only just woken up from his daze and started to chase after and beat the crap out of him …

“Then, then your Sect Leader also likes Artis and also likes men?” Qi Ao Shuang felt her tongue was tied. Despite his heavy tastes, Artis was a man of good nature and a great help to himself. Even if she fell in love with men, she would bless them.

“Of course the sect master likes it. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be willing to abandon the Tian Dao Sect that he created.” But, it’s been hard on us. Now, we have to wipe out our sect and chase those despicable people out. “It’s good that the Sect Leader is here now.” The Fourth Elder did not try to hide his words at all. His blatant words caused the Second Elder’s face to turn pale. The Second Elder secretly cursed the Fourth Elder in his heart for being such a brainless fellow. He had actually brought up all these things in front of everyone. How could the private affairs of the Sect Leader be exposed at such an occasion? Moreover, there were still people from the sect who weren’t here!

Xiao Ao Shuang was cold with sweat. So a man could also be so sentimental.

“When the Sect Leader left, did he leave any words behind?” Xiao Ao Shuang thought about it for a moment, and made up her mind. After all, the Tian Dao Sect was the heart and blood of the people that Artis liked. He had to benefit from the Tian Dao Sect before he could participate in the school’s assessment.

“No, the Sect Leader only said that that idiot would chase after him and never come back.” The Fourth Elder bluntly revealed the Sect Leader’s identity once again. The Second Elder was so angry that he glared at her while blowing on his beard. The others didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. But when Tarina and the others heard this, their eyes were wide open. The sect master, who always had a cold expression, actually had such an unspeakable warm side to him.

The corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth twitched as she looked at the Fourth Elder with a helpless expression. She knew clearly in her heart that regardless of who was the Sect Leader, this person who went overboard definitely could not be the Sect Leader. If he became the head of the sect, he would expose everything about the Tian Dao Sect. It would be him taking the initiative to expose everything! The faces of the people behind the fourth elder all turned ugly. It was also the first time that they had discovered that the Fourth Elder was such a speechless person. The first time, he realized that it was because someone had asked about the Clan Master and the Grand Elder. Many people were well aware of these things, but they would never choose to wear them. But now, the Fourth Elder was pouring beans all over the floor. If the Clan Master was here, he would definitely pinch the Fourth Elder until he was on the verge of death and then die again!

“Didn’t the Sect Leader say who would succeed him?” Qi Ao Shuang was still struggling, hoping to hear some useful information.

“No.” Everyone shouted in unison.

“How can there be such an irresponsible man …” Qi Ao Shuang wailed.

“Who told you that the Sect Leader was a man?” From the side, Johansson heard Qi Ao Shuang’s low wailing voice.

“What?” Xiao Ao Shuang turned around and looked at Jonathan in shock.

“The Sect Leader is a woman, a great beauty.” “As a disciple of the Tian Dao Sect, you actually dare to make such a mistake with your Sect Leader’s gender. I feel ashamed for you.” Johansson looked at Qi Ao Shuang with disdain.

Xiao Ao Shuang was embarrassed and embarrassed. She started to sweat profusely. How could he blame her? She was only registered, and the elders only saw her in a hurry when she entered the sect that day. Indeed, she had never seen the Sect Leader before. Thus, he subconsciously thought that the sect leader was a man.

Well, well, Altis’s orientation was normal. Qi Ao Shuang heaved a sigh of relief in her heart. The Sect Leader must have been a legendary woman, or Artis would not have gone to so much trouble. No matter what, I wish them all the best.

“Then, since no one has been designated to take over the position, then let’s proceed with the selection.” Looking at the group of people staring at each other with wide eyes, Qi Ao Shuang suddenly had a feeling that this group of people were not exactly evil people. Just now, the battle qi of the Second Elder and the Fourth Elder were enough to tell that although they weren’t convinced of the other party’s strength, they didn’t use any malicious methods or words. The Tian Dao Sect seemed to be more friendly than he had imagined.

“How do we choose?” The crowd looked at Qi Ao Shuang expectantly.

“Do your questions. Anyone who wants to become the Sect Leader will take the exam.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled faintly and said something that left everyone dumbfounded.

The next moment, the hall was filled with discussion as everyone was whispering to each other. Qi Ao Shuang was not in a hurry either. She sat quietly on top of them and watched them discuss.

Gradually, more and more people gathered in the hall, and more and more Heavenly Dao Sect disciples rushed in. Other elders were also included. When everyone heard Qi Ao Shuang’s suggestion, the hall became even more noisy.

“How laughable!” Ridiculous! Who are you? You are just a nominal disciple of the Tian Dao Sect. “What qualifications do you have to criticize us? What qualifications do you have to decide on the next sect leader?” The last middle-aged man who came in heard what Qi Ao Shuang said, and stood in front of her with an angry face, pointing at her nose and cursing, “You have to figure out your own identity!” “What qualifications do you have?!” This person was dressed differently from the other disciples. It was obvious that he had some status in the sect.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly turned her head and looked at the person standing below with a smile. She was about to say something. In the next moment, the person who angrily berated Qi Ao Shuang changed.

His head rose high, and he was instantly separated from his body.

The sound of rolling bones rang in the main hall. It was the sound of his head rolling on the floor.

Blood splattered all over the floor.

With a boom, the headless body slowly fell to the ground.

The hall instantly fell into a deathly silence.

Everyone’s faces instantly paled as they stared blankly at the headless corpse on the ground. A terrifying coldness gradually eroded the surroundings.

A look of surprise appeared on Qi Ao Shuang’s face.

“If I say that he is qualified, then he is qualified.”

A bone-chilling, ice-cold voice rang out in the air above the palace. His tone was cold and slightly impatient.

Dittos!