Volume 1

Chapter 301

Stunning Edge - C301

Parina’s confession was as stormy as the wind and rain, and as fiery as a flame. If it was an ordinary man, he would definitely be incomparably excited. However, Qi Ao Shuang was extremely frustrated in her heart.

“Parina, listen to me. I’ve made it very clear before, and now it’s the same attitude, and it will be the same from now on.” “I won’t accept you.” Qi Ao Shuang said patiently.

“I know, I know. You have a sweetheart, and the reason why you worked so hard to break through is to meet her at that place. I know it all.” Parina did not wait for Qi Ao Shuang to finish before raising her voice and growling. However, her voice was already laced with tears.

“So you should know very well that I can’t accept you and I can’t like you!” “I only regard you as my little sister, don’t you want me to completely cut off this last bit of love!” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice became colder and colder.

I know that no one can take the place of that person in your heart, and I will never be able to take the place of him. My request is very humble, and I only hope that before you go to that plane, I can quietly stay by your side. Parina finally cried. She raised her head and looked at Qi Ao Shuang, her face full of tears as she asked, “Qi Ao Shuang, can’t you do this as well?” “Just use me as a substitute. Just treat me to your side during this period of time …”

Qi Ao Shuang’s heart was in a mess. Looking at how miserable Parina was feeling, she wanted to tell her: “I am not a man, and I cannot accept your love.” “In this world, everyone is a special existence. No one can take the place of anyone else!” But would she believe it? He would only think that he was trying to fool her with such an absurd excuse. Things have the opposite effect.

Qi Ao Shuang closed her eyes helplessly, sorting out her thoughts in her mind, trying to think of a way to convince Parina if she refused.

“Can’t I?” “Xiao Aushuang, let me stay by your side before you go to that plane …” Parina sobbed softly.

“Of course not, because you’re going to die here tonight.” A cold voice suddenly sounded in the silent night.

Immediately following that, a terrifying force came through the air, heading straight for the Palina in Qi Ao Shuang’s arms.

Qi Ao Shuang’s pupils contracted. She hugged Parina tightly and abruptly turned around, letting that terrifying power all land on her body.

With a stuffy groan, Qi Ao Shuang bore the brunt of the attack.

He didn’t even have to wait for this person to appear before he knew who it was. This person was Dittancz! He was actually following me! Xiao Ao Shuang was furious in her heart. Furthermore, she wanted to kill Parina!

“Qi Ao Shuang, Qi Ao Shuang, are you alright?” Parina raised her head and looked at the blood dripping from the corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth in fear as she asked worriedly.

“It’s fine.” Xiao Ao Shuang reached out to wipe the blood from the corner of her mouth, then turned around and pulled Parina behind her. Looking at the figures gradually appearing in the night, she coldly said, “Dylan, I warned you that you don’t need to intervene in my matters.”

“But she tried to block your progress, and she deserved to die.” Dickens slowly approached them and appeared before their eyes. His expression was as cold as ice, and there was not a single ripple in his eyes when he said those words.

“Dittos!” Qi Ao Shuang was truly angry now. Again and again, Dittos had interfered in his own affairs, this time trying to kill Parina, and would not allow such a thing to happen.

“Qi Ao Shuang, don’t force me to hurt you.” “This woman can’t stay, she will stop your progress.” “… …” “… … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …” Dittos’ tone was extremely calm.

“I told you I wouldn’t fall in love with a woman.” Xiao Ao Shuang was furious in her heart, “I don’t have a shred of affection for Parina, you don’t need to waste your time thinking about it.”

“But she likes you, so she must die.” “Her entanglement can upset you.”

“Shut up, I said you don’t have to worry about my business.” Xiao Ao Shuang shouted in anger.

“It’s not up to you!” With a cold look on his face, Dylan was about to make his move.

Qi Ao Shuang’s face sank. She knew that one day, she would fight with Dittos, but she didn’t expect that this battle would come so quickly. Parina, who was standing behind Qi Ao Shuang, had a face full of fear. She didn’t think that she would become the direct cause of the fight between the two. At this moment, she was filled with regret. Dittas’ strength had always been above Qi Ao Shuang’s. If Qi Ao Shuang suffered damage due to her, how could she endure it?

Dittos said no more, and his face fell. Qi Ao Shuang lowered her body slightly, keeping her guard.

In the next moment, no one saw how Dentance had made his move. A violent blast of air swept over the two of them.

Qi Ao Shuang’s expression did not change at all, and with a casual wave of her hand, the violent shockwave disappeared.

Seeing this, Dotans was slightly moved. He raised his eyebrows and a satisfied look appeared in his eyes. Qi Ao Shuang’s strength had risen so quickly! To his surprise. Perhaps, today’s battle truly wasn’t certain of victory or defeat. However, this didn’t change his determination to kill Parina.

When Dittas was about to make another move, an anxious shout came from the air, “Stop!” Stop it! “Listen to me!”

It was Jonathan’s voice.

Dittos stopped what he was doing and frowned slightly as he looked at Jonathan, who was running over. Xiao Ao Shuang also turned her head to look at Jonathan’s anxious face, but she didn’t move aside. She continued to protect Parina behind her. Parina looked dazedly at the back of Xiao Ao Shuang and was extremely touched.

“What are you trying to say?” Dittos looked at Jonathan with displeasure.

Qi Ao Shuang was also puzzled.

“Dittas, you’re going to kill Parina because you’re afraid of being bothered by Qi Ao Shuang’s feelings, aren’t you?” Jonathan asked instead of answering Dittos’s question.

Dittos did not say anything. His face was gloomy, but he had already tacitly accepted it.

“That’s simple.” There is no need for such a nuisance. " Jonathan turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang and said, “Parina, compared to you losing your life due to Qi Ao Shuang, and being plagued by feelings, I think it’s better if I tell you the truth.”

“What do you mean?” A wave of uneasiness welled up in Parina’s heart and grew in size.

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned as she looked at Jonathan who had a conflicted expression. She did not understand what Jonathan was trying to do.

“Qi Ao Shuang, if you tell me your secret, will you feel troubled?” Jonathan asked carefully. After all, Qi Ao Shuang definitely had her concerns regarding the status of a man.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned. She looked at Jonathan’s face, wanting to know what he meant. Jonathan slowly took out a mirror and said to Qi Aushuang, “This mirror can see a person’s true face.” “Last time, I stole a glance at you in the mirror …”

Before she could finish her words, Qi Ao Shuang had already understood the meaning behind the so-called true face. He felt that Jonathan’s recent attitude toward him was strange, that he had seen that he was a woman.

“Yes, let Parina see for herself.” Because I said she wouldn’t believe me. " Xiao Ao Shuang could not help but make such a decision. Because she knew that if she didn’t solve Parina’s problem, she would only sink deeper and deeper into it. In the end, he would be beyond redemption. She might as well take advantage of the situation to make her completely give up. He believed that none of them would reveal his true identity.

“What?” “What?” Parina started to panic, and the uneasiness in her heart threatened to overwhelm her.

Dittos frowned and stood aside silently, looking at the scene in front of him.

"Come and see, you will understand. “Long pain is better than short pain, you don’t have to worry about Qi Ao Shuang in the future.” Jonathan stepped forward and pointed the mirror at her.

“I don’t!” “I won’t look!” Parina vaguely understood what was going on. Her heart was gradually filled with uneasiness and fear. She lowered her head, unwilling to look at the mirror.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes met with the mirror, and she raised her eyebrows in shock. It had been a long time since he had seen himself like this.

Black hair and black eyes …

Jonathan looked over his shoulder and froze when he saw what the person in the mirror looked like.

What a stunning face! Her hair was as black as ink, her eyes were bright and rarely seen, and her lips were rosy and small. It was just that the slight sadness between her eyebrows had not changed. Such a stunning, perfect face stunned Jonathan for a moment. He had thought that Qi Ao Shuang’s true face would be a beauty, and he could guess it from that stunning glimpse. However, he never thought that Qi Ao Shuang would be so beautiful that it would cause people’s hearts to ripple!

Seeing Jonathan’s soul leave his body, Dittos finally moved over, glanced into the mirror, and froze.

“What, what kind of mirror is this?!” After a long time, Dickens finally spoke, but this time his tone was different.

"It’s a Semidivine Artifact, a replica of the True Knowledge Mirror. “It can’t be wrong!” Jonathan came back to himself and answered Dittos’s question.

Dittos became silent. His expression was unsettled and he did not move anymore. He just turned around and left silently.

Parina kept her head down, not daring to look in the mirror. She was afraid, afraid that when she saw the mirror, everything would be different.

“Parina, look!” “I’ll be fine after reading it!” Jonathan urged Parina impatiently. Because Parina couldn’t keep pestering Qi Ao Shuang like this.

Slowly, slowly, Parina raised her head. Jonathan held the mirror and waited patiently. As soon as she looked up, however, she looked down again.

"I don’t want to deceive your feelings, Parina, or hurt you. But you can’t go on like this. It would only cause more damage. I’ll tell you the truth today. I’m a woman. I look like a man now, but I’m a woman. And there would be a day when she could recover. Do you understand …. Qi Ao Shuang tried her best to persuade him, but her tone slowed down.