Volume 1

Chapter 303

Stunning Edge - C303

A week passed in the blink of an eye. During this one week, Xiao Ao Shuang’s strength increased once again, and she could faintly feel that the bottleneck was not far away.

In the course of this week, Qi thought for a moment, and only said a few understated words to Wynes, and blessed him and Bethany.

Wynes was so confused that he did not know what exactly Qi Ao Shuang was up to. As for Parina, Ta Lina and Qi Ao Shuang, they thought for a while but still did not bid farewell to the two.

Meanwhile, on Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao’s side, Qi Ao Shuang wrote a few letters outlining her thoughts and decisions. She similarly blessed Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao.

At the end of the letter, there was a message: If fate wills it, we will meet again. Heaven Breaker began to laugh after reading the letter. What a fate!

Qi Ao Shuang’s decision did not mention anything to Ah’Bao. He was afraid that Ah’Bao would be hurt. What he feared the most were Ah’Bao’s tears.

Chapter 49 Terror! Dittos is in love?!

Naturally, no one knew what was going on with Dittas. He sat cross-legged on the bed and stayed silent for the entire night.

The person who had caused such a dilemma to fall into a comfortable sleep until dawn. At dawn, Qi Ao Shuang stretched her body and got out of bed. Jin Yan waited for the situation on Wynes’ side to stabilize before returning on this day. After eating breakfast, Qi Ao Shuang told Jin Yan everything she knew, but Jin Yan wasn’t too surprised. Because he had met that mysterious man in white earlier.

“Jin Yan, I don’t know why, but that person gave me a very familiar feeling.” But I’m sure I don’t know him. I’ve never seen him. " Xiao Ao Shuang rubbed her chin as she pondered.

“Miss, do you feel the same?” Jin Yan was a little surprised.

“You, don’t tell me you feel the same way?” Upon hearing Jin Yan’s words, Qi Ao Shuang was stunned.

“Yes, and he seems to treat Miss differently.” It was only then that Jin Yan told the events of that night to Qi Ao Shuang.

Xiao Ao Shuang thought for a while, before saying: “He also said that he felt that I was familiar with him, and that he did not have any memory of me.” I’m beginning to wonder who he is. "

“In any case, he is not hostile to Miss.” “Also, young lady, we’ll head to the ninth floor in a week. When we see him, everything will be clear.”

Qi Ao Shuang nodded, not saying anything else. At this time, Jonathan’s voice called out from the distance, “Ao Shuang, Ao Shuang ~ ~”

Jin Yan frowned at Jonathan’s displeased expression as he walked over.

“Hey, what are you guys talking about?” Jonathan sat down between them and asked.

“It has nothing to do with you.” Xiao Ao Shuang asked curiously.

“How come it has nothing to do with me?” “You know, I’m going to the ninth floor in a week.” Jonathan laughed.

“You don’t have to go.” Xiao Ao Shuang couldn’t be bothered to waste her breath on Jonathan. Ever since this fellow found out her true identity, he had such a weird attitude towards her. He could think of a solution to this problem.

“How can I let you take the risk alone!” Jonathan blurted it out without thinking.

“I’m not alone.” “There’s Jin Yan, and there’s that person.” Xiao Ao Shuang glanced at Jonathan.

The more Jin Yan heard, the more he felt that something wasn’t right. Why was this Jonathan speaking to his young mistress so strangely?

“Let’s go, Jin Yan.” Xiao Ao Shuang couldn’t be bothered to waste words with Jonathan. She got up and called for Jin Yan to leave. Jonathan didn’t care and followed her eagerly.

A week passed in the blink of an eye. During this one week, Xiao Ao Shuang’s strength increased once again, and she could faintly feel that the bottleneck was not far away. In the course of this week, Qi thought for a moment, and only said a few understated words to Wynes, and blessed him and Bethany. Wynes was so confused that he did not know what exactly Qi Ao Shuang was up to. As for Parina, Ta Lina and Qi Ao Shuang, they thought for a while but still did not bid farewell to the two. Meanwhile, on Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao’s side, Qi Ao Shuang wrote a few letters outlining her thoughts and decisions. She similarly blessed Heaven Breaker and Ah’Bao. At the end of the letter, there was a message: If fate wills it, we will meet again. Heaven Breaker began to laugh after reading the letter. What a fate! Qi Ao Shuang’s decision did not mention anything to Ah’Bao. He was afraid that Ah’Bao would be hurt. What he feared the most were Ah’Bao’s tears.

A week later, Jin Yan didn’t enter the tower with Qi Ao Shuang, but dived into the tower instead. Jonathan naturally followed Qi Ao Shuang in. When Wei Aushuang and Jonathan entered, they were surprised to find that Dittas was already there. He stood silently at the entrance, as if he had been waiting there for a long time. When he saw Qi Ao Shuang, his body froze and his expression became unnatural.

“You’re up early, Dittos.” Jonathan yawned.

Dittas only looked at Xiao Ao Shuang without saying anything. Qi Ao Shuang turned her face away and did not intend to talk to Dittas. She strode forward.

“Qi Ao Shuang!” However, Dittas grabbed Qi Ao Shuang’s arm and pulled her back.

Xiao Ao Shuang was shocked by this unexpected force. After recovering her senses, she let go of Dittas’ hand, frowned and said: “What do you want?”

Jonathan stared back at Dittos. Dittos hated physical contact, no matter who it was! But today, he actually took the initiative to pull Qi Ao Shuang away. It’s over! Things have changed!

Dittos remained silent as he looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s face. After a long while, he finally said, “Regardless of whether you are a man or a woman, you must travel with me on the road ahead.” After saying that, he turned around and walked away without giving any reaction.

Jonathan stood staring after him, his mouth twitching, and suddenly a ridiculous thought occurred to him: Dittas is in love. Dittos, who did not know what love was, was probably in love! It was just that this guy didn’t know how to express his thoughts, so he used such an awkward method to express his thoughts. He was truly willing to die. It would be strange if others would accept this chase after a girl.

Sure enough, when he turned around, he saw Qi Ao Shuang frowning and rubbing the hands of Dita Sloton, coldly snorting and saying something out of place. Jonathan shrugged, looking as if it was true. Jin Yan quickly appeared in the Sky Tower as the three of them headed up. This Heavenly Pagoda wasn’t big or small, but it wasn’t small either. Going up to the ninth floor took them four days. By the time he reached the entrance to the ninth floor, Brill was already there, waiting as he had been promised. He had also reached a bottleneck. Dittos quietly sat by the side.

Qi Ao Shuang looked around but didn’t see the man in white robes appear.

Seeing that Qi Ao Shuang had arrived, Di Tan’s eyes lit up. Just as he was about to stand up, Qi Ao Shuang sat down and said, “He’s not here yet. Let’s wait a little longer.”

Dittos’ face slightly darkened. He did not say anything and continued to sit and wait.

Not long after, a breeze blew past and the white-clothed man appeared before everyone without a sound. Upon seeing this, Xiao Ao Shuang revealed a smile as she went up to welcome him, “You’re here.”

“Alright.” The white robed man smiled and nodded.

“I don’t know your name yet.” Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly thought of this question.

“I don’t know my name.” The man in white answered helplessly.

“Then I’ll call you White Clothes.” You always dress like that anyway. " Qi Ao Shuang replied with a smile. For some reason, Qi Ao Shuang’s heart felt at peace with this man in white.

“Okay.” White clothes, white clothes … After the man in white agreed, he repeated the words.

Jonathan looked at them, pursed his lips, rolled his eyes, and turned away. And Dittos was frowning slightly, not knowing what was going on with the discomfort in his heart. This was a feeling that he had never felt before. It was as if someone had snatched away some precious treasure of his. Empty.

“Then let’s go in.” It’s not too late to push someone who doesn’t want to go in. " The man in white turned around and said to the crowd behind him. When no one spoke, Jonathan rolled his eyes.

Seeing that no one was speaking, Bai Yi turned to nod at Qi Aushuang before heading into the light barrier, with Qi Ao Shuang following closely behind. The others filed in and got in.

An intense white light blinded her, and when she opened her eyes, she felt a strange sensation beneath her feet. He lowered his head and saw that there was no support beneath his feet. Below him was the bottomless abyss. Just as Qi Ao Shuang’s body fell down, both her arms were grabbed by someone.

"Don’t focus solely on what you see in your eyes. This place we are in is a place of chaos, and our will can be controlled a little. We think what is here is what, and consciousness is figurative. " The white robed man’s voice rang out.

After falling a distance, Embers and Brill immediately understood what was going on. They adjusted their body and gradually floated up.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at her arm. On one side was Dita Sla, and on the other was her white clothes. Jonathan scratched his head behind him. There was no place for him to pull. It was such a tragedy that he was too slow. His chance to show off had all been stolen.

“I, I know.” Qi Ao Shuang immediately adjusted her body and floated in midair. Both Dittos and the man in white withdrew their hands.

Everyone floated on the same line and looked ahead. Looking at the scene in front of her, Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. How could the ninth floor be as simple as a space? This place looked like the universe! The horizon was boundless and countless nebulae covered it. There were even some meteors floating in the air, moving at a speed that was difficult for the naked eye to detect. In fact! And a black hole!

“As long as I can pass through this region, I’ll be able to reach another plane.” “But to pass through here, one must break through the Space Shattering Realm.” The white robed man’s long hair fluttered gently in the wind. He looked forward and said softly, “At the end, there is a dazzling ring of light. That is the exit.”

“Be careful of the stones and the black swirl.” At this moment, Dittos also opened his mouth in a low voice.

Qi Ao Shuang gazed into the distance and saw that the stone and the black whirlpool that Duttens spoke of were meteorites and black holes.

"Not bad, some of the stones seem to be very slow, but when you get closer, you find that they are very fast. Or some stone has a terrible suction, will suck the person over will never get rid of. And those black vortexes could devour people as well. “The devoured people have yet to see any coming out.” The man in white explained in detail.

Jonathan blinked as he stared at the scene in front of him. Looking at the white robed Dittos protecting both sides of Xiao Ao Shuang, he felt extremely displeased. Jin Yan’s expression darkened slightly as he silently followed behind.

"If we want to safely pass through this area, we’ll have to spend quite a bit of time. “Everyone, don’t get separated. Everyone, be careful.” After saying that, Bai Yi turned to smile at Xiao Ao Shuang, “Come, follow me.” “Don’t go away.”

“Alright.” Xiao Ao Shuang smiled back and nodded.

The group then stepped into the vast danger zone.