Volume 1

Chapter 307

Stunning Edge - C307

“Golden Lotus, after you and Feng Yixuan disappeared together, I …” Qi Ao Shuang began to tell the story of their separation in detail to Jin Lian and Liu Li, listening to the two of them with unfathomable expressions.

One moment he was worried, the other moment he was nervous, the other moment he was embarrassed. When they heard what had happened between Jonathan and Qi Ao Shuang, they both held back their laughter until they were internally injured.

Goldlotus was on the verge of tears. His mother had used Breezy’s body to ruin the sincerity of many pure girls.

Should this account be given to his mother or to Breezy? In the end, the one in white was Leng Lingyun, and when the purple earrings on her earlobes twisted the space around them, Jin Lian and Liu Li looked at each other, complicated emotions in their eyes.

“How is Camille?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked anxiously.

“Mom, don’t worry. Camil is definitely safe right now.” The golden lotus quickly comforted him. “He can travel through space and time at will. He can escape from that person.” On the other hand, mom, how did you get here? And you said someone else was with you. “Who is it?”

“Leng Lingyun!” “Jin Yan!” Qi Ao Shuang stood up uneasily, looking around at the unfamiliar surroundings. “There’s also Dittos, Jonathan, and Brill. They’re all gone.”

Jin Lian tugged Qi Ao Shuang’s shirt. “Mom, it’s useless if you’re worried right now. Sit down first.” Tell us what it is. They will not die in the currents of space and time. To be trapped in a crevice is to fall into a deep sleep, to be carried to a certain space in a current of uncertain time, and to no danger. “Don’t worry, Mom, there’s nothing you can’t solve.”

Xiao Ao Shuang was slightly shocked. She lowered her head and looked at the childish face of Jin Lian. Her perfect face had a pair of eyes full of calmness and determination. Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly felt that the golden lotus had grown up and could take on the role of the Golden Lotus before she knew it.

“Golden Lotus, after you and Feng Yixuan disappeared together, I …” Qi Ao Shuang began to tell the story of their separation in detail to Jin Lian and Liu Li, listening to the two of them with unfathomable expressions. One moment he was worried, the other moment he was nervous, the other moment he was embarrassed. When they heard what had happened between Jonathan and Qi Ao Shuang, they both held back their laughter until they were internally injured. Goldlotus was on the verge of tears. His mother had used Breezy’s body to ruin the sincerity of many pure girls. Should this account be given to his mother or to Breezy? In the end, the one in white was Leng Lingyun, and when the purple earrings on her earlobes twisted the space around them, Jin Lian and Liu Li looked at each other, complicated emotions in their eyes.

"Mom, the world we’re in right now is the place Camille brought us to. The world is beautiful. It has a beautiful name at night. It’s called the Starting Ground. " Jin Lian frowned slightly and said with some doubt, "But later on, Liu Li and I found out that this world should be a very high level plane. But why that name? We also find it very strange. "

“That’s right, mother-in-law. All the people who came to this plane were experts. The name of this plane is really strange.” “How could this be the first place?” Liu Li was also puzzled.

“What is the situation in this plane?” What Qi Ao Shuang wanted to know was what this plane was like.

“The Heavenly King is the supreme ruler. Following that, there are seven local kings that divide this world into seven large areas and manage it separately.” “Each king’s dominion is very large, but they all have to be loyal to that Heavenly King.” The Heavenly King’s castle was at the far end of the horizon, built on top of a huge lake. “Every year, the seven kings would gather there. Other than offering their tributes to the Heavenly King, they would also express their loyalty to the Heavenly King.”

“What about Camille? What is his place in this world?” This was what Xiao Aushuang was more concerned about.

“Camil…” Goldlotus sat down. “Actually, we don’t know what this means.” The place where he lived was very magical. The castle where the King of Heaven lives is built on that huge lake, and Camille lives in the castle’s reflection. "

“Reflect!” Qi Ao Shuang was surprised.

“Later on, we thought, that shouldn’t be a reflection, but some kind of distortion of space, allowing an identical castle to come into contact with the Heavenly King’s castle, where Camil lives.” Liu Li replied seriously.

“Then Camille is…” Qi Ao Shuang had a faint thought in her heart.

"We thought Camille was the strongest person in the world, standing at the top of the world. However, Camille was very serious one day. He told us very carefully that that person had finally come to find us, so he must send us away. " The golden lotus began to worry as she thought back to what had happened.

"Then Camille sent us into a current of time and space, leaving us stuck in a gap. Restricted around us, trying not to fall asleep. He told us not to move and that he would come and pick us up. “However, we didn’t wait for him. Instead, the restriction became weaker and weaker, and we were about to fall asleep.” “If we fall asleep and move your body, we won’t know where we’ll be taken to.” “Maybe I won’t be able to meet you again.” "… … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … ….

“But you met me and Zhangkong in the end, right?” You and Zhangkong decided to take a chance and exchange bodies. “Out of the current of time and space.” Xiao Ao Shuang gradually understood.

“That’s right.” “It’s really risky. If we fail, not only will we disappear, mom, your and Breezy’s souls and bodies will probably be separated forever, falling into an unknown space.” The golden lotuses also had lingering fears. Now that they thought about it, they were truly afraid of the future.

"Camille should be in the current of spacetime by this time. The others should be, too. But maybe Breezy is out, because in the end we’re out, and he should be out, too. " The golden lotus analyzed.

“How do you find the others?” Qi Ao Shuang’s heart was in a mess. Feng Yi Xuan didn’t even have the chance to meet him before hastily parting like this. As for Leng Lingyun, although she saw him, she didn’t recognize him. Ember and the others were nowhere to be found.

“Mom, don’t look so worried.” There was a way to find them! We just have to take the risk of getting back into the current and find Camille and it’ll be all right. " Golden Lotus hurriedly comforted him.

“You’re a pig. Right now, Camil is on the run. How are we supposed to find him?” If one were to enter the space and time current accidentally, they would be transported to an unknown place in an unknown time! “What should we do then?” Liu Li pointed a finger at Golden Lotus’s forehead and scolded angrily.

“Not necessarily. Let’s go to Camille’s castle first.” That place was originally the entrance to a space. And what might Camille have left behind? " After saying that, the golden lotus suddenly retreated backwards and extended forward, biting onto Liu Li’s finger. It scared Liu Li so much that she cried out loudly.

“Who is it that can force Camil to flee …” Qi Ao Shuang said softly, as if she was asking about the golden lotus, but then she seemed to be muttering to herself.

"Mom, the only way to get there is to get to the entrance to Camille’s castle. “We don’t know who that person is, but for him to force the almighty Camille into such a state, he definitely isn’t someone to be trifled with.” Jin Lian shrugged her shoulders and stood up. “This seems to be the domain of King Mi Xiu. I’ve seen this damned sissy before.” Camille took us to the last party. "

“Mi Xiu Emperor?” Qi Ao Shuang looked up at the blue sky and said softly, “What kind of person he is has nothing to do with us. Let’s go, tell me the direction of that castle.”

“Mom…”

“Granny…”

The expressions of Jin Lian and Liu Li suddenly became complicated. They stood where they were and didn’t move.

“What?” Qi Ao Shuang turned around and looked at the two unmoving people with a puzzled expression.

“Try it, can you still fly?” “You can feel the power in your body again.” The golden lotus found it hard to bear.

Qi Ao Shuang closed her eyes gently, feeling her surroundings, her expression changed. The power in his body was actually weaker than what he had felt in the Demon World by more than half! She had lost more than half of her strength. Not to mention flying, it would be difficult for her to even float.

“What’s going on?” Qi Ao Shuang was shocked. He was used to the power of Feng Yixuan’s body, so he was somehow not used to it now that he was back to his own body.

"You lost some of your strength in the gaps between time and space, and in the end, when you exchanged bodies, we absorbed most of the power in your mother’s body. “Otherwise, we won’t be able to rely on our own strength.” Goldlotus explained truthfully.

“Forget it, I’ll just continue cultivating.” Xiao Ao Shuang sighed softly. Although she couldn’t fly to that castle very quickly, but it wasn’t as though there was no other way, right? Furthermore, what made Qi Ao Shuang most gratified was that no one was in danger. Camil had escaped into space and time. No matter who it was, they wouldn’t be able to find the exact time and space he fled into, right?

“Mom, let’s think of a way to get out of here safely.” Suddenly, Golden Lotus’s face fell.

“What do you mean?” Xiao Ao Shuang could tell that something was wrong.

“That Mi Xiu Emperor is a sissy. He’s very perverted.” This is his back garden. Camille used to show us around the world. “This guy …” Golden Lotus wanted to say something, but she hesitated.

“This guy can…” “I can … …” Liu Li’s mouth twitched as well. “She can smell and recognize people.” “Let’s leave this place quickly!”

Xiao Ao Shuang frowned slightly. From the golden lotus, he knew roughly what sort of person this King Mi Xiu was. Now that he was in a different body, it would cause some trouble. It was better to leave this place as soon as possible, as more than half of her strength had been drained. If they were to encounter a conflict, it was indeed disadvantageous for him to use his current strength.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded, and they prepared to leave together. The place they were in was beautiful, peaceful. The little animals were not afraid of humans at all. Instead, they were curious to see the three of them appearing in front of them.

“Mom, are you thinking about us while you’re here?”

“Yes.” Qi Ao Shuang replied seriously.

“Then what about Young Master Feng and Young Master Leng, and Camil?” The golden lotus suddenly asked.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded, “Yes.”

“Then who do you miss the most?” Golden Lotus, however, looked solemn.

Xiao Ao Shuang paused for a second, looking at the serious face of the golden lotuses.

“Mom, who do you miss the most?” The golden lotus continued to ask.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the golden lotus, not saying anything for a while. After a long time, Qi Ao Shuang suddenly smiled, her smile was so dazzling. She then raised her head to look at the sky and softly said, “Actually, what I want the most is …”

“Eh, beautiful lady, are you lost?” Just as Xiao Ao Shuang was about to say what she wanted to say, she was interrupted by a man’s voice. However, this voice didn’t sound comfortable. It was clearly a man’s voice, but it was a little coquettish.