Volume 1

Chapter 304

Stunning Edge - C304

The group of people slowly and cautiously moved forward in this area. On the way, Qi Ao Shuang saw some bones on the meteorites, and many bones seemed to be struggling. That sinister look left everyone’s heart palpitating. The meteors and black holes were moving forward slowly.

“Look, those are the formations that form this space. To be precise, they are one of the many formations.” The group looked up and saw an octagonal formation hovering in the air. It flickered with a white light as it slowly rotated.

“If all the formations here are destroyed, this space will collapse and the entire Sky Tower will collapse.” The white-clothed man frowned as he looked at the array formations, helplessness appearing between his brows.

Qi Ao Shuang frowned slightly, remembering what Bai Yi had said before: “Bai Yi, I remember you said that you broke some formations.”

“Mm, but …” The white-robed man said depressingly, “The formation has been reborn again.” I remember clearly the few formations nearby; I destroyed them. “But now, it has appeared once again.”

“This space has the ability to repair itself.” Dittos spat out a cold word.

“Then I’ll be troubling you.” Jonathan scratched his head.

"This isn’t the most troublesome thing. “Trouble will only appear after a while.” The man in white smiled and stretched out his hand. With a flick of his finger, a visible physical force attacked the nearest formation.

bang * After a loud explosion, a shock wave arose from the surroundings and the formation was shattered.

“What?” “What do you mean?” Jonathan opened his eyes wide and asked.

“Who do you think will be the first to disapprove of destroying this place?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked passively.

“Oh!” My God! It’s those old bastards from Star Academy! Oh, no! It means that I’m going to start a war with them! “If I lose, aren’t I implicating my family?” Jonathan came back to his senses and shouted. Brill’s face changed slightly.

“So, if we start a battle later, I will definitely kill them all.” So, if we start a battle later, I will definitely kill them all! cried Jonathan, making up his mind.

The man in white smiled and no longer spoke. Instead, he led the group forward. Qi Ao Shuang could gradually feel the change in the surrounding atmosphere. It seemed that the further ahead she flew, the more difficult it would be. All around them, invisible forces were suppressing them, pressuring them. It was as if his entire body was being squeezed by this force, and in the end, he was unable to breathe.

“Rest will do.” The man in white noticed the embarrassment on the crowd and stopped. The faces of Dittas and Qi Ao Shuang were slightly better, but the faces of the others were a little pale. Only Jin Yan’s expression didn’t change.

“Let’s go there for a rest.” It’s safe over there, and you can feel the area here. “Where is the best place for cultivation?” Bai Yi flew to the right, and not far from him was a huge red meteorite. The meteorite was half the size of a football field.

“Didn’t you say that meteorites are dangerous?” Jonathan asked with a smile. The first time he came to this place, he was already dropping down. He had never come into contact with meteorites before.

"Some meteorites are dangerous, some are not. “On the contrary, it’s a place with dense elemental particles.” The white robe explained, “The back of this huge rock looks smooth, but you’ll know when you see it.” And the most important thing is that it’s an unmoving rock. "

Everyone followed Bai Yixue and flew over. They saw that the front of the rock was indeed a different world. It was like a beehive, with many small nests. “Let’s each choose a cave to rest in.” After saying that, Bai Yi nodded to Wei Aushuang, then pointed at one of the caves, “You are of the Wind Attribute, that cave should be very suitable for you.” After speaking, Bai Yixue ignored everyone else and flew straight into the cave he had his eyes on. Qi Ao Shuang turned around and said to everyone before flying back into the cave. The others also found a suitable place to rest.

As soon as Xiao Ao Shuang flew into the cave, he woke up. He jumped out of Qi Ao Shuang’s body and shouted, “Oh my god, where is this place?” Why is it so comfortable? “Our Holy Land doesn’t have such a rich fragrance!”

Xiao Ao Shuang closed her eyes and a faint smile appeared on her face as she felt the surrounding strong wind elements. As expected, this was not only a good place to rest, but also a good place for cultivation. Was this the ninth floor? Benefits are at the same time as risks, and they are enormous. This was indeed the best place to break through! But what about after breaking through? What would be facing them? Qi Ao Shuang sat down slowly and grabbed the still sniffing the air, “Alright, come over here. Zhangkong, show us your true strength.”

“Eh, how did you know …” As if she knew she had never used her true strength, Kong Zhangkong was shocked.

“Enough nonsense, swallow the surrounding wind elementals.” Xiao Ao Shuang smiled cunningly, “And then …” “Give it all to me.”

“Ah!” Why did I give it all to you? “I ate it but you still want me to spit it out. Don’t you feel disgusted? Ahhhhh ~ ~” There was no reply, only a whining sound of protest. However, the protests were futile!

Qi Ao Shuang covered the sky with her mouth and shook it vigorously, causing the sky to become dizzy. The sky finally gave in and took the initiative to enter Qi Ao Shuang’s body, madly absorbing the surrounding wind element. Qi Ao Shuang’s expression gradually returned to Ning Sect. She closed her eyes and quickly digested the wind element that had been absorbed by the sky. The sky was like a terrifying vacuum cleaner as the surrounding wind elementals madly rushed over. No one saw the strange scene in the cave. Countless bright points of light slowly formed into a curtain of light, slowly surrounding Qi Ao Shuang and enveloping her whole body. Beams of light were constantly seeping out from the walls of the cave as the wind element was being crazily absorbed.

The man in white clothes, who was resting in another cave, suddenly opened his eyes, and a smile appeared on his face. This time, he might be able to destroy this place and recover his lost memories. More importantly, he wanted to know if he knew Qi Ao Shuang, and if she was related to him. Otherwise, why would he feel a sense of familiarity when he first met Qi Ao Shuang? And the first time I saw her, she was trying to get to the ninth floor. He did not even think about it, and he immediately stopped Xiao Aushuang from engaging in such a dangerous act. Because she wasn’t strong enough at the time. However, it should be enough by now, and it would be far more than that. That way, the old guys would soon notice. Things will get more interesting. However, deep in his heart, he did not wish for Qi Ao Shuang to suffer any damage. What a wonderful feeling …

Qi Ao Shuang, who are you? The man in white slowly closed his eyes, sighing softly in his heart.

At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness almost flew into the clouds. Enriched with the wind element, her body’s potential was activated, inducing her spirit to expand. Gradually, a map appeared before his eyes. At first, it was very blurry, but gradually, it became clearer. When Qi Aushuang saw everything in front of her, she was surprised. Wasn’t this the map of the ninth floor? The entire area was enormous. Countless nebulae and meteorites were slowly moving, and those black holes were like the mouths of a ferocious monster. The cold wind blew in waves, creating an unfathomable depth. On closer look, many of the magical formations that had been destroyed by Bai Yixue earlier filled this space. Some magical formations seemed to be supporting this space, but some magical formations were very strange, constantly erupting out a bright dot of light. Qi Ao Shuang took a closer look, and she was shocked. Those bright spots were none other than the various elements!

This space was actually constantly infusing elemental energy to provide the conditions for people to cultivate!

Who created this place? What is the purpose?

Qi Ao Shuang’s thoughts were expanding. At this time, her consciousness had reached the entrance to the ninth level and was continuing to spread out. The eighth level, the seventh level, the sixth level …

A general picture of the Star Academy appeared in front of Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes. Although he closed his eyes, everything in front of him was so clear. Qi Ao Shuang was surprised, but she was also happy. She knew that she was no longer the same. However, how could he have such strength in such a short period of time? Xiao Ao Shuang was wrong about this. She thought it was only a short moment, but a whole year had already passed!

Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness roamed around the academy. She saw the sweetness of Wynes and Bethany, and saw the silence and sadness in Tanasha’s heart. Seeing how apprehensive Parina was, she would go to the entrance of the Sky Tower and stay there for the rest of the day. His consciousness slowly drifted to the Star Academy’s office. Inside the office, the dean was frowning as he looked at something. Suddenly, the dean raised his head and stared at the door in disbelief. However, Xiao Aushuang could feel that the dean seemed to be looking at her!

The dean’s expression changed from shock to surprise as he jumped out and ran to the door. The scene in front of her eyes vanished, and Xiao Aushuang abruptly opened her eyes, only to see everyone sitting in front of her.

“You’re finally awake!” Jonathan let out a long breath, relieved.

“What’s wrong?” “Why did you guys come to me instead of cultivating?” Xiao Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Come on, do you know how long?” Jonathan looked speechless.

Qi Ao Shuang shifted her gaze to Jin Yan, who said in a deep voice, “Young master, you have been sitting here quietly for a year.”

“What?!” Qi Ao Shuang exclaimed. It took so long.

“Didn’t you notice the difference?” The man in white smiled. “Didn’t you notice that you’ve changed?”

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. She raised her head and looked around, only to discover that she seemed to be able to see through everything, even to the point where she could see the light coming from the exit. The scene from the exit! This was another world. Before, he had felt that it was far from his reach, but now, he felt that it was within his reach!

He broke through?! Xiao Ao Shuang was surprised, her heart was filled with ecstasy.

“The people who should come are finally here.” The man in white turned his head and spoke to the outside of the cave with a disdainful smile.