Volume 1

Chapter 305

Stunning Edge - C305

“The people who should come are finally here.” The man in white turned his head and spoke to the outside of the cave with a disdainful smile.

The expressions of everyone changed slightly as they sensed a few people approaching them. And these people weren’t weak at all.

“That person is here too.” The man in white frowned slightly and said calmly, “Let’s go first and destroy the formation.” I owe Valentine a favor. I don’t want to fight them here. "

“But they don’t seem to be planning to let us go.” Jonathan shrugged. “They must be coming for us. What do they want?”

“Activate a magical formation, capture us, and then report to the person behind them.” The man in white answered simply, “Let’s go, we’ll destroy those magical formations before them.” “Now that we have so many people, destroying that magical formation should be an easy task.”

“The person behind them …” Qi Ao Shuang slowly stood up, murmuring to herself. For some reason, she suddenly thought of what Jing Feng had said. The wind seemed to know who was behind these people. Although he didn’t say it out loud, it didn’t matter. Soon, he would find out who it was himself.

After speaking, Bai Yi stood up and took the lead in flying ahead. Everyone followed closely behind him. At this time, the voice of Chang Kong sounded out in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind, “Qi Ao Shuang!” You lied to me so bitterly! You’re a woman, and, and. Zhangkong’s voice rose up. “She’s also a great beauty! Waaaah! I’m so happy. I’m in a great beauty’s body.” These words were so ambiguous.

“You …” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled, and she started to secretly chat with Chang Kong.

“You’re the one who allowed me to break through and not let me advance?” “You actually didn’t tell me you were a beauty.”

“Why should I tell you?” Qi Ao Shuang replied disdainfully.

“Hmph!” “I’ll leave you alone. My life and death are all yours. Don’t even think about leaving me behind.” “Also, Qi Ao Shuang, I have my own form now. Hehe, this young master is in the spotlight now, a super handsome brother.”

“Oh, congratulations.” However, Qi Ao Shuang only said a few words before following Bai Yi and the others and flying forward.

“Qi Ao Shuang, when you see what I look like, don’t fall in love with me.” Vile laughter filled the air.

“Stay here.” After Xiao Ao Shuang reprimanded him, Chang Bai shut his mouth and did not say anything else.

Under the guidance of Bai Yi, the group of people flew straight into the middle. As for Qi Ao Shuang, she could also feel a few people approaching from the other direction. The two sides finally met face to face.

The dean paused when he saw the elders standing behind him, he smiled at Qi Ao Shuang and said, “Congratulations, you have finally stepped into the Space Shattering Realm.”

“Alright, there’s no need to pretend anymore.” “Everyone knows that once one steps into the Void Shattering Realm, one will be forcefully pulled from the gravity of the upper plane to that plane.” “However, this area is really not bad. It can allow people to stay here.”

“Hehe, Dittos, Qi Ao Shuang, Jonathan, Brill, don’t listen to his nonsense. We will send you to that plane.” The dean said amiably with a smile, while his hands were already moving behind his back.

“This excuse of yours is really far-fetched.” Jonathan said snappily, “Since you’ve already broken through, why do you need to send it out?” “I’m afraid the place you’re sending us to isn’t as simple as that plane, right?”

“It is indeed going to that plane, but it should be the designated place, right?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the dean and said in a testing manner.

The dean’s expression changed slightly, but his hands behind his back formed an even more complicated hand gesture. Valentine, who had lost his arm, kept his head down, not moving.

“Sure enough, who is the person behind you?” The purpose of your Star Academy is to gather experts and present them to the people behind you? “What’s his purpose?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked a series of questions.

The dean smiled and said slowly, “If you want to know, I’m afraid you’ll be scared out of your wits.” The dean smiled, but was actually stalling for time. For he saw that Valentine hesitated again at this moment, and did not move. Was the new method that their master had taught them a waste of time?

"Valentine, if you continue to hesitate, can you afford the consequences? Have you forgotten what I said? Even if you don’t want to go back, even if you are willing to bear the pain your master has given you, it doesn’t mean that we are willing to! Master sending you here was a mistake! “How long will you wait before you make up for your mistake?!” The dean’s face darkened as he spoke to Valentine in a private voice. Valentine’s face changed again and again, but he was unwilling to make a move.

“Valentine!” The dean could no longer be bothered about anything else as he shouted out.

“Open!” Valentine finally shouted, pain flashing between his eyebrows. In an instant, his entire body burst out with light, then he turned into a huge net of light, enveloping all of them. At this moment, the dean and the other elders made a final hand gesture with their hands, and rays of light shot out from their hands to enclose the net of light, turning it into a ball of light and enveloping Qi Aushuang and the others within.

This huge change didn’t even leave Bai Yixue’s mind.

One person, if he said no, then he was gone. Moreover, he had transformed into the net of light that enveloped them.

“Beckham.” “Oh, no, you’re not the real Beckham. We don’t even know your name.” Only then did the dean move his hand forward. That blinding light beam was emitted from the palm of his right hand.

“What about Valentine?” The expression on Bai Yixue’s face grew uglier as he asked word by word, his tone burning with rage.

"Dead, as you can see. Oh, it was a complete disappearance. No, he just turned his body and soul into this net. With his last remaining value, he did his last best for his master. “Bakam, did you think we would activate this formation to capture you?” The abbot laughed disdainfully, casually explaining Valentine’s death.

“Even beasts are inferior!” “He’s actually doing the same for his own people!” Bai Yixue’s calm face gradually turned angry.

“When he let you go, he had already committed the most heinous of sins, and now he is only doing it to atone for his sins!” And I have to tell you, every time you attack this web, you hit Valentine, your benefactor. “Isn’t it interesting?” The dean’s handsome face gradually turned malevolent.

Bai Yixue clenched his fists tightly and no longer spoke.

With a cold expression on his face, Dylan started to attack the net of light that trapped them without saying a word. However, something surprising happened. The force of Dittos’ attack on the web of light was like a small stone thrown into the ocean; there was no reaction at all. It seemed to have been absorbed?

Dittos frowned slightly as if he was thinking of something. Jonathan did not believe it and did it himself, but the same thing happened. All the power had been absorbed, and this sphere of light seemed to be growing stronger and stronger.

"Beckham, you’re naive. Since we didn’t capture you with a formation last time, do you think we’ll still take the risk? You don’t have to struggle anymore. In this world, no one can break free. In that plane, there weren’t many people who could do anything to it. “Because it was given to me by that person, haha …” The dean laughed heartily, then looked at Xiao Ao Shuang and Dittos and laughed, “The two of you are indeed outstanding.” This time, we can finally go home. “Just the two of you will be enough.”

“Say what?” “What do you mean?” Qi Ao Shuang’s face sank as she asked in a cold voice. Who exactly was that person? Why is the dean so sure?

Brill used all his strength to attack the surrounding net of light, but to no avail. With a punch from Jin Yan, the light net slightly caved in and immediately returned to its original state. The curvature of the cave was hard to see with the naked eye. Jonathan spared no effort in bombarding the net. Dittos calmed down and did not make another move.

“You’ll know soon enough.” You are about to vanish into nothingness and no longer exist. And it seems you shouldn’t say that, either, but you should go back to the original. “Alright, stop wasting your energy.” The dean laughed proudly. What a joke! If these people in front of him could break through their master’s net of light, it would be easier for them to convince him that the entire world was going to be destroyed.

“Dream on!” Bai Yixue shouted angrily, and a blinding white light burst out from his body. He could no longer be seen clearly.

“It’s useless. I advise you not to waste it …” Before the dean could finish his words, he was stunned. He was shocked to discover that the light on his white clothes was gradually turning purple. No, it was not right. A purple light gradually fused with the light on the white robe, causing the light on the white robe to turn purple. The dean turned to look at the source of the purple light in shock. The elders behind him were also extremely surprised. Everyone in the glowing net also cast their gazes towards the source of the purple light. They were shocked to see that it was actually from the earlobe of Qi Ao Shuang. Out of the corner of his eye, he watched the purple light shoot out from his earlobe, growing bigger and bigger, becoming more and more dazzling.

It was the crystal earring that Leng Lingyun had given him! It was also Leng Lingyun’s eyes that were filled with her power! But why did he resonate with the power of the white robes now? Why is that? Jin Yan’s expression changed abruptly as he looked at the white robes shrouded in purple light. He then looked at the dazzling earrings of Qi Ao Shuang. Something seemed to be clear in his heart.

“Not good!” “Spatial Distortion!” The dean’s face instantly turned extremely ugly to behold. He could clearly feel that the space within the light net was violently surging, as if it was about to tear apart. “Don’t let them escape!”

However, it was too late.

The earrings on Qi Ao Shuang’s earlobes flew out automatically, flying straight into her body. Following that, the glowing net was completely submerged by a dazzling purple light. When the light disappeared, everyone in the light net had disappeared!