Volume 1

Chapter 310

Stunning Edge - C310

Like this, Qi Ao Shuang and Mishus set off. The two mounts Mishen had acquired had extraordinary endurance, and their appearance shocked Qi Ao Shuang. They looked almost like Eastern qilin. He could fly at a low altitude and could also march on the water. He could walk very steadily on the ground, but his speed was not very fast. After traveling on the road, Xiao Ao Shuang realised how big the world is. At first glance, the endless mountain range continued to lengthen. Huge birds flew in the air, and their strange cries continued to echo in the air. The trees are green and intoxicating, and the fragrant earth is soft and rich.

“Mezus, can you tell me something about Camille?” Qi Ao Shuang broke the silence between the two.

"Like gods, like demons, and sometimes very gentle, like humans. “But in essence, he is neither a god nor a demon, neither a human nor a demon.” Yet, Mishus gave such a plausible answer.

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned, and then asked, “Then Camil, are you worried about anything?” For example, the person you’re afraid of? "

“Hur hur, are you joking?” “Who would he fear in this world?”

When Qi Ao Shuang heard this, her heart skipped a beat. She realized that Mezus and the others probably didn’t know who had forced Camille into exile. That person was also the Star Academy’s backer. It seems that the masters of this world do not know this.

Qi Ao Shuang fell into silence once again. She lifted her head and looked ahead. Sunlight was shining through the trees, and the mottled sunlight made people feel slightly better. After a few days of dejection, the surrounding environment remained unchanged. It was still a towering tree. The forest seemed endless.

On the other hand, Mysius seemed to see through Qi Ao Shuang’s thoughts. He smiled at Qi Ao Shuang and said, “Qi Ao Shuang, don’t worry. We’ll be able to reunite with the Moon King very soon.” You’ll see your friend soon enough. "

“Where should we meet?” Why do I feel as if this forest has no end? " Qi Ao Shuang lifted her head and looked in front of her, and asked with a hint of vexation.

“To the Moon Lake.” “King Yue’s secret base.” “This forest is indeed rather large, but it’s not without its limits.” “Everything will end and everything will end, and this forest will naturally end as well,” he said. "… … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes lit up. She looked at the disappointed expression on Mishus’ face and didn’t say anything. This Mishus seemed to have a story as well.

This forest really did have an end. After walking for three more days, they finally arrived at the edge of the forest. Beyond the forest was a vast expanse of desert. The wind blew and the sand danced in the sky. His eyes were misty.

“Moon Lake?” “In this place?” Xiao Ao Shuang looked curiously at the endless desert before her and asked.

"Of course, this is the Moon King’s territory from the start. Only he and I know about his secret base. " “Come with me.”

Qi Ao Shuang took out a cloak from her interspatial ring and put it on, then followed Mishus into the vast desert. Yellow sand, strong winds, huge cactuses, scorpions and snakes appeared at night. After two boring days of walking, Mishus looked up at the sky. “We’re finally here.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked up and saw a mirage not far away in the sky. It was a projection of a palace, about the size of Mishus’, and surrounded by a jumble of beautiful flowers.

“This, is this a mirage?” Xiao Ao Shuang frowned.

“Yes, this is the Moon King’s palace phantom.” There were many such mirages in the desert. “However, this illusion leads to an entrance to another place.” Mishus smiled. He patted the mount he was sitting on, and it slowly rose into the air. The mount below Qi Ao Shuang also slowly flew up and followed behind. As he got closer to the shadow, Qi Ao Shuang looked at the sky curiously as a bird flew through the shadow. She thought to herself, “Why is this shadow at the entrance?”

Soon she understood. Mezus fished out a crescent shaped piece of jade from his pocket and held it in front of him. The shadow slowly spread out like ripples on water, and opened up a black passageway. Mishen slowly flew in, followed by Qi Ao Shuang. After the two of them entered, the mirage returned to its original state, making it hard to discern.

After a flash of white light in front of Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes, her vision widened. In front of him was a huge lake. In front of the lake, a silver waterfall cascaded down, splashing beautiful water and melting it into a whole. The lake was surrounded by colorful flowers and plants, all shining with a silvery-white light. However, when Qi Aushuang took a closer look, she was stunned. Those were not flowers or plants, they were actually all types of crystals. What kind of lake could make the surrounding crystals look like this?

“Let’s go, it’s ahead.” Mishus got off his mount and patted it, indicating for it to move on its own. Qi Ao Shuang also got down from the bed, but she was not calm in her heart. Feng Yi Xuan was about to meet him …

Mezus led Qi Ao Shuang forward. All along the way, everything was emitting a faint silver-white glow. However, there didn’t seem to be anything unusual about the flowers and plants, they were just crystals that had transformed into these forms.

Gradually, a small mountain came into view. On the peak of the mountain, a small castle built from white jade stood proudly. Presumably, that was where King Yue was currently residing. As they approached the small mountain, Qi Ao Shuang’s heart became increasingly restless. He was about to meet the person he had been missing for so long. That fool would rather die for her sake. What should I say to him? What should he say, what should he do? Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly felt a little perturbed. After exchanging so much time with that person, how could she bear to see him?

“You old bastard!” As I said, I still have things to do. I’m going to find my Little Shuang Shuang! You’re deaf, aren’t you? " Just as he turned the corner and reached the bottom of the small mountain, a familiar voice that almost made Qi Ao Shuang cry suddenly resounded throughout the entire canyon. The voice was filled with anger and unwillingness.

It was Feng Yixuan!

This voice!

This tone!

Who else could it be?

“I’ll kill you!” Feng Yixuan’s angry voice rang out once more.

“Young man, you can’t be so angry.” “Only by calming down can I speed up my training.” A calm voice came over, neither angry nor annoyed.

“Pah!” You don’t want an old man to say such a thing. " Feng Yixuan was still cursing angrily.

“Haha, Yuefang, someone actually called you an old man, haha.” “However, one thing is true, you old virgin.” All this time, Mezus had been straining his ears, listening attentively. As soon as he entered, he laughed and mocked.

“Do you want to die?” “I told you not to shout like that!” The voice was not as steady as before. It was a bit angry this time.

Qi Ao Shuang stood behind Mishus. She slowly raised her head and looked at the bright red hair. At this moment, her heart trembled. Those eyes, those eyebrows, those red hair, it really was Feng Yixuan, it really was him!

“Haha, Yueli, Yueli, you really are a laughing stock. So an old man like you could actually be so disgusting …” Feng Yixuan burst into laughter, laughing at the Moon King’s name. He turned his head to look at Mishus, wanting to see who was calling out such a name. However, when he saw the figure behind Mishus, his laughter suddenly stopped.

“Brat, do you want to die?” Yue Wang’s handsome face was twisted into a mess as he angrily shouted at Feng Yixuan. However, after he shouted this sentence, he discovered that Feng Yixuan’s entire body was trembling, and his expression was even more strange. “That can’t be, right? I’m just saying that I’m not really going to kill you, so why are you afraid?” King Yue murmured softly, suddenly feeling that something was amiss. All this time, he had been threatening and torturing this brat, so he didn’t have to lower his head even once. Why is it like this today? What’s going on?

Yue Wang followed Feng Yixuan’s gaze and was also stunned. Behind Mezus, there was a breathtakingly beautiful young lady. Her black hair was tied behind her back, and her black pupils were like stars in the night sky, making people unable to open their eyes. Mishus’ new pet? Impossible! Yue Wang immediately dispelled this conjecture. This was because the aura exuded from this girl was so different. It was like a sharp blade, but also like a misty breeze. It was more like a calm lake. This young girl was no ordinary person! Yue Wang immediately came to this conclusion. However, what was her relationship with this kid?

“Frost…” “Ao Shuang…” Feng Yixuan struggled to move his lips, but he could only say these few words. He just stood there, staring at Qi Ao Shuang, afraid that he would be hallucinating again.

“Yi Xuan, it’s me.” At this time, Xiao Ao Shuang slowly revealed a smile, and said these few words softly.

“I-Is it really you?” Wasn’t it my imagination? Feng Yi Xuan suddenly wanted to laugh. He wanted to cry. Is that true? Was the person he had been thinking about day and night really standing right in front of him?

Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she looked at Feng Yi Xuan. The two of them stared at each other quietly.

“It’s not an illusion. Try if you don’t believe me.” These words were not uttered by Qi Ao Shuang, but by the Moon King on the side.

After that, a violent small tornado wrapped itself around Feng Yi Xuan and carried him into the sky. Then, the tornado viciously tossed him towards the lake.

“Ah — — Crescent Moon, you’re dead!” I’ll kill you! “Kill you! Break your body into a thousand pieces!” Feng Yixuan’s voice dragged through the air in an incomparably miserable manner. With a loud crashing sound, Feng Yixuan was thrown magnificently into the lake.

Qi Ao Shuang froze, as did Mishus. The Moon King pursed his lips in a sly grin.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Feng Yi Xuan, who was swimming towards the shore with all his might. She had thought about her reunion with Feng Yixuan many times, but she didn’t expect it to be like this.

However, it seemed that Feng Yi Xuan had returned. The familiar Feng Yi Xuan had returned.

Good.

It was him, it was him.