Volume 1

Chapter 315

Stunning Edge - C315

However, Qi Ao Shuang was sizing up the two people who had suddenly appeared behind them. These two people were dressed entirely in blue. Their black hair was casually tied behind their heads, but their eyebrows were outrageously long. They actually flew out of the range of their cheeks. Their faces were cold as they looked at Moon King and Mishus indifferently.

The other person was the one who had spoken earlier. He wore a set of black and white clothes, and his face was filled with a sinister smile. His tongue licked his lips, and suddenly there was a huge ring on his tongue, causing people to feel uncomfortable looking at it.

He looked at Moon King and Mishus so arrogantly, as if they were already dead men in his eyes.

However, the similarity was that the two of them didn’t even spare a glance for Qi Aushuang and Feng Yixuan. In their eyes, these two were insignificant people, probably followers of Moon King and Mishus.

“There’s no need to look for him, because we will immediately send you to meet him.” A rough voice filled with a wild laughter suddenly sounded beside the four’s ears.

“Rao Yu!” “Han-qu!” Mishus’ voice had already changed a bit.

Yue Wang’s face sank even more.

However, Qi Ao Shuang was sizing up the two people who had suddenly appeared behind them. These two people were dressed entirely in blue. Their black hair was casually tied behind their heads, but their eyebrows were outrageously long. They actually flew out of the range of their cheeks. Their faces were cold as they looked at Moon King and Mishus indifferently. The other person was the one who had spoken earlier. He wore a set of black and white clothes, and his face was filled with a sinister smile. His tongue licked his lips, and suddenly there was a huge ring on his tongue, causing people to feel uncomfortable looking at it. He looked at Moon King and Mishus so arrogantly, as if they were already dead men in his eyes. However, the similarity was that the two of them didn’t even spare a glance for Qi Aushuang and Feng Yixuan. In their eyes, these two were insignificant people, probably followers of Moon King and Mishus.

Qi Ao Shuang was guessing the identities of these two people. It definitely wasn’t any of the other kings. The other kings definitely wouldn’t say those words just now. These two must be the Heavenly King’s subordinates, and their strength was not weak at all. Otherwise, why would the Moon King and Mishus’ expressions change so much? There was another point that Xiao Ao Shuang noticed as well. When the Moon King said that he was going to find King Yong next, that person said that he didn’t need to find them, that he would send them to meet him soon. Could it be that Eternal King had already been killed by these two people? As Feng Yixuan thought of this, he frowned slightly. This was because he could sense that the two people in front of him were on par with Moon King and Mishus. It would be very troublesome if that was the case.

“Rao Yu, Han Qu, you actually betrayed the Heavenly King!” “You guys really joined the White King?!” Mishen scolded him in excitement. His face reddened with excitement.

“Could it be that the four generals have sided with that traitor?” Have you forgotten what the Heavenly King did to you? He has taken you seriously, and you have betrayed him! " King Yue also cursed.

“Haha, betrayal?” Are you joking with me? " The arrogant person laughed loudly, “Deeply emotional?” Is it to ask us to deal with every time we have something to do? We’re the ones who go to all the trouble? “I’ll work for whoever is stronger than me. What’s so strange about that?”

“Rao Yu, there’s no need to waste any more words, get rid of this quickly.” A person beside him coldly spat out. This person was Han Qu. Just like his name, he had an ice-cold expression on his face, and his words were ice-cold.

“Alright, let’s stop talking nonsense.” Two idiots! If one day you can be stronger than us, if you can get rid of the Heavenly King, we will listen to you. “Haha, but go to hell now!” Rao Yu laughed out loud. His hand gently grabbed at the air, and a long sword astonishingly appeared in his hand.

Han Qu narrowed his eyes. He extended his hand and made a grasping motion, and a long whip appeared in his hand.

“Hmph!” “It’s not certain who will die yet!” Yue Wang’s face darkened. Without another word, he extended his hand. A silver white light flashed in his hand, and a slender sword appeared. The body of the sword was snow-white, and it emitted a light, silvery-white glow. On the hilt of the sword was a simple and unadorned design.

He waved his hand, and his weapon appeared in his hand. His weapon was a beautiful harp. The silver body of the zither, the golden zither string, flickered with an enchanting luster.

“Han Qu, let me take care of King Mi Xiu. I’ve long disliked him.” Why is a fool like him so popular with women, hmph! " Rao Yu said in a sour tone, then rushed over while swinging his sword, hacking at Mishus’ head.

"BOOOOMMM! With a loud noise, Rao Yu raised his sword and hacked down on the sand, stirring up countless grains of yellow sand.

Where was he now? Mishus flew into the air and stared coldly at Rao Yu with the harp in his hand. King Yue also began to confront Han Qu. Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang had already dodged the attack and left the previous position. The place where everyone had just stood had now become a huge crater.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the crater, then at Rao Yu’s weapon, and understood that he was indeed powerful. And this rather unattractive man seems to be jealous of Mishus’ relationships with the opposite sex. The jealousy of a man is terrible!

“King Yue, I’ve long wanted to experience your abilities.” Han Qu’s cold voice rang out faintly. It was clearly a scorching desert, but his voice made people feel that the temperature had dropped by quite a few degrees.

“I will make it so that you will never have the chance to experience it again.” At this moment, King Yue’s expression turned cold as he slowly said those words.

A loud clang rang out in the air, and the two sides clashed. The huge white light and the crash were terrifying. The sound echoed through the sky, reaching far into the distance. Mezus did not seem to be adept at close combat. He had been fighting at a distance from Rao Yu. And the Moon King and Han Qu were the exact opposite. King Yue was adept at close combat, while Han Qu was adept at long ranged battles.

Feng Yixuan frowned as he looked at the battle in the sky, his heart sinking deeper and deeper. The strength of these four individuals were actually on par with each other. If they continued to fight like this, they would only be competing in physical strength. Whoever couldn’t hold on for much longer would be the loser. Even with his current strength, he was no match for Duke Yue. If King Yue and the others were defeated, the consequences would be … Feng Yixuan felt anxious and worried. He turned his head to look at Qi Ao Shuang, but he was stunned when he saw Qi Ao Shuang.

Looking at the intense battle in midair, Qi Ao Shuang had a calm expression on her face. She did not know what she was thinking, and only focused on what was happening.

“Ao Shuang …” Feng Yixuan spoke softly, but Qi Ao Shuang seemed as if she hadn’t heard him. She continued to stare intently at the battle in front of her.

The wind blew and the sand danced about.

With a flick of Feng Yi Xuan’s finger, a small whirlwind enveloped Qi Ao Shuang and him. Separate all the yellow sand. However, he was thinking of a countermeasure in his heart. This kind of stalemate was not an option, but he could not blindly interfere in this battle. In an exchange of blows between experts, the weak could not even withstand a single blow. He did not think that his participation in the fight at the moment would change the intensity of the battle.

“Lianlian …” Suddenly, Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes became misty, and she spat out this word in a low voice.

“What?” Feng Yixuan didn’t really understand. He frowned and wanted to ask, but Qi Ao Shuang didn’t say anything else. Soon, Yi Xuan noticed that something was wrong. The surrounding temperature was rising!

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes were filled with disappointment as her eyes were filled with nothingness. He slowly raised his hand and pointed at the balls of white light in the sky. It was the light from the intense battle between the four of them.

“Ao Shuang?” “What’s wrong with you?” A sense of foreboding arose in Feng Yixuan’s heart. Why did he feel that Qi Ao Shuang was about to turn into that strange person from before?

Qi Ao Shuang did not reply to Feng Yi Xuan. Her eyes continued to stare at the sky before slowly flying up. Her hair flew about wildly and the surrounding temperature was so hot that it made her entire body dry.

“Ao Shuang!” Feng Yixuan’s heart sank. He was so flustered that he was about to pull Qi Ao Shuang’s hand. However, Qi Ao Shuang’s movements were even faster. She flew into the sky and charged straight towards the four people fighting.

Suddenly, a wave of heat hit them, causing their bodies to freeze. They all stopped fighting and turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang, who had suddenly appeared between them.

Rao Yu sneered. Could this black-haired girl be the protector of the sect? Or was she also the admirer of the Mi Xiu king? Thinking about this, Rao Yu’s expression turned ugly. This black-haired girl looked so pretty, and she was actually the admirer of the Mi Xiu King? And he didn’t even want his life to come here just for the sake of his admirers?! Damn it!

Han Qu’s face was ice-cold as he lightly raised his whip. He was preparing to cut this woman who had interrupted their battle into two with one whip strike before continuing their battle.

“Ao Shuang!” The expression on Mishen’s face changed. He didn’t want Qi Ao Shuang to lose her life here.

Yue Wang’s face tensed up. Even though Qi Ao Shuang had no relationship with him, she seemed to be Feng Yi Xuan’s sweetheart. With just this little bit of Moon King, he couldn’t let Qi Ao Shuang die.

“Ao Shuang!” “Ao Shuang, what are you doing?!” Feng Yi Xuan was almost going crazy as he anxiously shouted. However, due to his strength returning, he was unable to fly up and stop them.

“Go to hell!” Rao Yu could no longer hold it in any longer, swinging the sword in his hand and shouting angrily as he charged over.

Moon King and Mishus immediately flew over to stop them.

However, at this moment, a shocking scene occurred.

“Exterminate …” Qi Ao Shuang opened her mouth and said these words in a low voice. Then, she instantly moved in front of Rao Yu, reached out her slender hand and grabbed onto the tip of Rao Yu’s sword. Rao Yu’s face instantly changed. He was shocked, terrified … In the next moment, a fiery red flame covered Rao Yu’s entire body!

“AHHH!” Rao Yu’s heart-wrenching cry came from his soul, making people scared to death.

Everyone was stunned. The weapon in Rao Yu’s hand had melted! And just like that, Rao Yu was surrounded by the strange flames, burning him. No matter how he struggled, he was unable to extinguish the flames on his body. Rao Yu screamed miserably and fell down from the sky. He dove into the sand with all his might, trying to extinguish the flames on his body. However, it was useless. The sand seemed to have melted. Rao Yu’s body gradually caved in, and the surrounding sand turned into quicksand!

“Hellfire, isn’t it good?” At this time, Qi Ao Shuang let out a cold laugh and slowly raised her head to look at the stunned Han Qu.

After being targeted by Qi Ao Shuang, Han Qu felt his entire body turn cold. At this moment, he felt like he was being watched by a venomous snake, a suffocating feeling that almost made him break down. But this young girl didn’t have this feeling at all. Her smile was so bewitching, so full of bewitching charm. His eyes were pitch black, and there seemed to be a trace of red in them. His face was white to the point of being transparent, but his lips were red to the point of being extremely seductive!

Who exactly was this black-haired, black-eyed girl?