Volume 1

Chapter 311

Stunning Edge - C311

Feng Yi Xuan cried out loudly as he struggled to swim to the shore. His entire body was drenched in sweat as he ran over. He ran until he was a few meters away from Qi Aushuang, then stopped and stood there in a daze. Xiao Ao Shuang and he stared at each other silently.

Feng Yixuan’s expression was extremely complicated. There was happiness, joy, excitement, attachment …

Qi Ao Shuang’s face slowly revealed a smile.

Feng Yixuan stood there, not daring to move forward. He was afraid that if he took another step forward, Qi Ao Shuang would disappear from his sight. He was afraid that the moment he touched her, he would disappear.

“My God, my land!” Qi Ao Shuang! This is what you really look like, right? “Beautiful!” Suddenly, a voice that Xiao Aushuang was familiar with started to howl. His tone was full of excitement.

It was the sky!

Right after he said those words, a small ferret jumped out from Feng Yixuan’s body and was about to pounce onto Qi Ao Shuang, aiming for her chest.

“You shameless bastard!” Feng Yixuan was quick to react. He grabbed Zhangkong by the tail and pulled him back.

“Feng Yixuan, you damn pervert!” “You dare to obstruct my relationship with my woman? Go die!” The sky turned around and aimed its claws at Feng Yixuan’s face with a vicious look. Feng Yixuan screamed incessantly. Then, he did not show any weakness. He grabbed onto Zhangkong’s tail and swung it in a circle in the air. Then, he let go and the sky flew away.

“It hurts!” “This coloured element!” Feng Yixuan covered his face as he wailed again and again.

“Serves you right!” I told you to piss me off. “This young master can fly, but you idiot have already forgotten about that!” The voice of Zhangkong rang out in everyone’s ears once more. With a satisfied expression, he landed on Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder.

“You pervert!” “Don’t touch my mother!” The golden lotus suddenly appeared in time. It grabbed onto the tail of the golden lotus and lifted it into the air, shaking it with all its might. The sky was shaking and he felt dizzy.

“Damn!” It’s you, kid! I remember you! “Don’t be complacent, when I recover my strength and take on a human form, I will …” The sky was filled with angry curses.

“What are you talking about? I’ll show you my pride right now!” The golden lotus flew to the side, carrying the vast sky with it.

Only then did the others come back to their senses. What just happened was too dramatic, leaving everyone stunned.

“Yi, Yi Xuan, are you alright?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at Feng Yi Xuan’s scarred face and the corner of her mouth twitched. She was speechless. She didn’t think that her meeting with Feng Yixuan would be so joyous.

“No, nothing.” Feng Yixuan laughed idiotically. He looked at Qi Ao Shuang who was standing right in front of him. At this moment, he felt very satisfied.

“You, you’re the one this kid has been crying for?” At this moment, King Yue spoke, his voice returning to its previous calm.

“Holy shit!” What are you talking about? “You are the one crying and begging me to acknowledge you as my teacher!” When Feng Yixuan heard this roar, his face turned unnatural.

“I am Qi Ao Shuang, Moon King, hello.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she nodded and greeted the Moon King.

“Hmm, he’s much more polite than this retarded kid.” “Hehe, right, True King has a younger brother. He’s a beautiful man, but he’s also very valiant. How about …” King Yue said with a smile. Before he could finish, he was interrupted.

“No!”

“You’re courting death!”

These two voices sounded at the same time. One was Feng Yixuan, the other was Misius.

Moon King turned his head and looked at Mishus with blinking eyes, then his gaze became more and more contemptuous. “Mishus, you can’t be that shameless. You already have so many harem, and you’re still snatching a woman from my disciple?” Moon King had lived for so many years. Even though he was not close to a woman, it did not mean that he could not see the love between Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang. What he had said just now was only to tease Feng Yixuan. However, he didn’t expect that even Feng Yixuan would only shout at the top of his lungs, seeking death. Was there anyone who was so eager to snatch a woman?

Mishus stared at her and leaned close to her ear, whispering a few words in a low voice. Yue Wang’s expression immediately changed. The next moment, he looked at Xiao Aushuang with a face full of smiles, “Um, Miss Qi Aushuang, you must be tired from the journey, right?” Go in and have a cup of tea. "

This was the first time he had seen this old virgin’s face change so quickly. What did that Mi Xiu King say to the Moon King? Of course, she didn’t know that Mishus had only said something to the Moon King: She could be Camil’s woman. If you want to die, then continue speaking such nonsense.

Moon King and Mishus walked in front, their movements stiff as they led the way. Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang walked behind in silence. Feng Yi Xuan kept glancing at Qi Ao Shuang from the corner of his eye. He wanted to say something, but he couldn’t utter a word.

Suddenly, Qi Ao Shuang turned around and stared at Feng Yi Xuan. Feng Yi Xuan trembled in fear. He looked at Qi Ao Shuang, not daring to speak.

“I have a lot to ask you!” After saying that, Xiao Ao Shuang continued walking forward.

Feng Yi Xuan looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s back and let out a long sigh before following.

When they arrived at the Moon King’s castle, Qi Ao Shuang took a look at the castle. Very elegant, very quiet. The furniture was all made of white jade, and a huge chandelier was actually carved from a huge glowing ore. The wall lamps around the walls were also carved with various types of ores. The style was simple and elegant, and it was pleasing to the eyes. The floor was spotlessly clean, and the spiral staircases on either side of the hall were covered with a high layer of camel’s hair. However, there was no one in the castle.

King Yue personally brewed tea and served it to Qi Ao Shuang and Mi Xiu before saying, “Only I and Mi Xiu know of this place.” “Thus, there is no one to serve you. Miss Ao Shuang, please make do with it.”

“Just call me Qi Ao Shuang.” Qi Ao Shuang took the cup and nodded, “Thank you.”

“You know the situation.” “This world has changed …” King Yue sat down helplessly and sighed. With a sorrowful expression, he said, “I really don’t understand why White King would betray us.” “His relationship with the Heavenly King is the best.”

“And he devoured the power of the Heavenly King.” Mezus’s face grew cold.

“His spirit and soul are actually stronger than the Heavenly King’s!” Why? How was this possible? The Devouring Power must absorb the soul and spirit of the Heavenly King into one. “However, if the spirit and soul of the Heavenly King are stronger than his, then the person being devoured is the White King.” Seeing the puzzled expressions on Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan’s faces, the Moon King immediately explained.

Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan looked at each other and saw confusion in each other’s eyes.

“White King, when did he become stronger than the Heavenly King?” We don’t all know. “The fact that he can devour the power of the Heavenly King means that he also has the power to exterminate us.” Mishus frowned slightly.

“Don’t worry, Mies, you and I are the only ones who know my place.” “No one can enter without the jade pendant I gave them.” King Yue suddenly slowed down his voice and comforted Misius.

“What about the other kings?” We still need to go out and find the other Kings. We need to open the seal to get rid of him before we can resolve this matter. “Do we have to hide here forever?” Matthews snorted coldly with a frown.

“I really hope that it can be like this …” King Yue’s voice was barely audible. No one present heard his words, and no one could see the faint sadness in his eyes.

After further discussion, the two of them finally decided to leave as soon as possible to find the other kings.

“There are no attendants here, find yourselves a room and take care of yourself.” Moon King smiled apologetically. “Mishus and I will drink together tonight. Take care of yourselves.”

“En, Feng Yixuan and I have something to do as well.” Qi Ao Xuan smiled and nodded. He glanced at Feng Yi Xuan and pursed his lips. Feng Yi Xuan stood up and followed behind Qi Ao Shuang.

King Yue looked at the backs of Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan and smiled maliciously. “This little girl, her aura is really strong.” “I’m afraid that Feng Yixuan won’t be able to suppress it.”

“She might be Camille’s woman.” Mishus’ voice was cold as he spoke.

“You know the way!” “Even men can deal with a woman with such a strong aura.” Moon King raised his eyebrows. “Look at that brat Feng Yixuan. He is unstoppable and unstoppable all day long. In front of this little girl, he’s actually like a mouse seeing a cat. This kind of obedient behavior is really rare.”

“Love must be single-minded!” “Do you understand?” “How can she subdue Camil and Feng Yixuan?” How can this be? “I can only choose one!”

“Pah!” What about you? Haven’t you been with so many women, and you’re all in one piece? What are you talking about? Or a few hundred? King Yue coldly snorted as he mocked.

“I, my is different.” “I am a man, and Qi Ao Shuang is a woman!” Mezus frowned unnaturally.

“Men and women are the same!” Yue Wang angrily turned around and walked into the dining hall.

“Where are you going?” Mishus was stunned.

“Drink, will you come?” King Yue didn’t turn around, but his footsteps slowed down.

“Wait, it’s here.” Mishus smiled, hurriedly chasing after her and grabbing onto the Moon King’s shoulders. The two of them walked into the dining room with their arms around each other.

At this time, Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan arrived at the small garden outside the castle. The flowers here were finally real flowers, but there was only one type of flower, a small white flower with four petals. It was giving off a faint fragrance.

“Sit down.” Qi Ao Shuang sat down beside the flowerbed, patted the seat beside her, and said a word.

Feng Yixuan subconsciously swallowed his saliva and slowly sat down to the side.

“It seems it’s time to tell me things I don’t know.” Qi Ao Shuang said slowly, “What kind of curse is it, why did things end up like that?” “What the hell happened to you in the Devil?”

“Ao Shuang …” Feng Yixuan’s face darkened. “I, I had once thought of giving you up and giving you to Leng Lingyun …” Feng Yixuan’s voice became softer and softer as he bit his lips.

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything, listening quietly.

“But!” I regret it! How could I have such an idea! “I will never give up!” Feng Yi Xuan suddenly raised his head and looked at Qi Ao Shuang before firmly saying, “Ao Shuang, I definitely won’t give up on you.”