Volume 1

Chapter 312

Stunning Edge - C312

Feng Yixuan’s eyes burned with passion as he stared fixedly at Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at Feng Yi Xuan and a smile slowly appeared on her face. “Yi Xuan, do you remember the first time we met?”

Feng Yi Xuan was stunned for a moment before he smiled embarrassedly. “I remember. How could I not?”

“That time, I thought you were stupid.” Qi Ao Shuang finally couldn’t hold back her laughter, “How could you just be fooled by that single sentence of mine?”

“Ah, you say.” How well you said it. He thinks that I’m handsome and is captivated by me. " Feng Yi Xuan’s mouth twitched as he looked at Qi Ao Shuang with resentment. “And then he cheated my pure heart. He’s too crafty.”

“You deserve it.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled. It had been a long time since she had relaxed like this. Xiao Ao Shuang suddenly felt like she had not laughed like this for a long time. Only Feng Yi Xuan could make her laugh so easily.

“Ao Shuang, I still like the way you smile.” Feng Yixuan suddenly said these words softly. His eyes were filled with a pained look. The young girl in front of him had always been through so many trials and tribulations, constantly moving forward, walking on the path of thorns. It was as if there was a hand pushing at his back. Wait! A flash of light suddenly flashed through Feng Yixuan’s mind, and his face became abnormally solemn. Camille pushed it? It used to make sense, but now? Behind Karim now was an unknown and even more terrifying force.

“What are you thinking about?” And should you tell me something I don’t know? " Qi Ao Shuang looked at the uncertain face of Feng Yi Xuan and asked in a puzzled tone.

“Nothing.” Feng Yixuan smiled. He didn’t intend to voice his doubts. Instead, he changed the subject. “Do you know about the bloodline display?”

“What do you mean?” Xiao Ao Shuang was even more confused.

"The Enemy went to Ceylon a long time ago, where he had an affair with a beautiful human woman. Strictly speaking, this woman should be the ancestor of our Feng Clan. “However, the child she gave birth to did not possess any special abilities. After a few generations, a handsome, valiant, and peerlessly popular child appeared …” As he spoke, he was interrupted by Qi Ao Shuang.

“Alright, stop flattering yourself and continue.” Qi Ao Shuang glanced at Feng Yi Xuan and snorted.

“Alright, alright.” Feng Yixuan chuckled. “Yes, that person is me.” Then the Enemy appeared, and he said it was my father, and my reaction was to send him flying with a punch. He was glad, instead, to bring me back to the Devil by force. I only found out after my transformation that I had indeed inherited his bloodline, which was the demon race. As for that little lass, Ladya, she was the one with the pure blood of the Demons. “Naturally, he wouldn’t accept me, but after being beaten by me a few times, he submitted.”

Qi Ao Shuang listened attentively. In her mind, she imagined the cool appearance of the young master being beaten up by Feng Yi Xuan. What kind of scene would that be? It must have been wonderful. Qi Ao Shuang’s guess was correct. It was more than brilliant. At that time, it was truly like the wailing of ghosts and the howling of wolves. It was world-shaking, and anyone who saw it would be overjoyed. The tyrant of the Young Chieftain was infamous in the Devil Realm, but no one dared to touch her. Other than the Infernal King, the others were no match for her. They were often beaten to the point of death, and they even threatened not to go to the Infernal King to complain. Otherwise, the next fight would be even worse. When Feng Yixuan showed up and beat her up, everyone applauded and cheered. At that time the Devil was every day like a festival.

“And the Infernal King saw that he was glad he was going to pass the throne to me.” Feng Yixuan shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t want to be a demon king.” I immediately refused. However, at this time, a servant in the Devil world said that I had been cursed. A girl with dark eyes appeared, and everything would be turned upside down. In order to avoid this situation, he threw me back into the human world and washed away all my memories. "

“Curse?” “Black hair and black eyes?” Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, “What … what kind of curse is this?”

“I don’t know.” My soul was originally red, but there was a trace of black gas in it. In the end, when the Enemy found out about you, he thought you were my nemesis. “If I want to kill you, I …” Feng Yixuan frowned, his face somewhat gloomy.

“So you promised him that you would never meet me as the Infernal King.” Qi Ao Shuang understood what was going on. She also understood that Feng Yi Xuan appeared in the Demon World to fulfill her wish to protect the Mortal Realm.

“Bullsh * t, this old man, I’m still not fine.” Feng Yixuan angrily said.

“However, you almost died because of me.” Qi Ao Shuang’s face also turned dark, “If it wasn’t Lingyun …” We may really never see each other again. "

“Yes, speak of it!” Feng Yixuan’s face changed. “How annoying. I owe that damn human face a favor again. Furthermore, it’s such a huge favor!” It was fine if he owed others, but why did he owe his love rival? How can I endure this? If he asks me to quit, why —! ’ Feng Yixuan went berserk, grabbing onto his hair and causing a ruckus.

Qi Ao Shuang could not help but smile. The Feng Yi Xuan in front of him was the real him. He who always had a sorrowful look between his brows simply wasn’t suitable for him.

“I won’t quit!” “This dead face, I will repay his favor!” Feng Yi Xuan scratched his head and said worriedly, “But where is he now?”

“I, I don’t know either.” Qi Ao Shuang’s smile disappeared from her face as she said solemnly, “Actually, I have seen him before …” Qi Ao Shuang told Feng Yi Xuan everything that had happened after she separated from Feng Yi Xuan, causing him to sigh.

“The man in white is Leng Lingyun?” And now I don’t know where to go. " Feng Yixuan frowned. “How are the two of them?” Jin Yan was persistent. This fellow was too loyal to you to actually chase so far away. Is he interested in you, too? “Shouldn’t I secretly take him …”

Qi Ao Shuang glanced at Feng Yi Xuan with a cold gaze. Feng Yi Xuan immediately shut his mouth and realized that he had said too much.

"The problem is that I don’t know where they are now. “I asked Mishus to help me find them, but only your news told me that there was a rebellion in this world.” “What I’m afraid of is that they will scatter in the space and time currents.”

“Very likely.” Feng Yixuan echoed in a low voice, but in his heart, he was saying: Charge! Charge far away! Don’t come back! Jin Yan was as far away as possible, but it was a dead face. He could just wait for him to return the favor and kick the time and space current away.

“It’s good to see you now.” Suddenly, Qi Ao Shuang gently turned her head and looked at Feng Yi Xuan’s face, smiling like a flower. Qi Ao Shuang had already made up her mind. However, this decision would have to wait until he found Leng Lingyun. She knew very well that Feng Yixuan was good to her. She had seen all the things Leng Lingyun had done for her.

Feng Yixuan was dumbfounded. He pursed his lips slightly. “Ao Shuang, I …”

“Feng Yixuan you slut pervert, go to hell!” Look at my flying legs! How dare you touch my woman! The sky exploded with a shout and appeared above Feng Yixuan’s head. He raised his leg and was about to kick Feng Yixuan.

“Vast sky, you’re courting death!” He’s one of my father’s candidates. You dare to touch him! " The golden lotus appeared at the right time and grabbed the sky by the tail, lifting the sky upside down to the side.

“Golden Lotus, you blind man!” Didn’t you see that I am handsome and extraordinary? “Look at this Feng Yi Xuan. His hair is red like a monkey’s ass, what’s so good about him?” Unconvinced, he roared at the golden lotus.

“Look at you, you have four legs and hair all over your body. You also want to touch my mother?” The golden lotuses grabbed the sky with their hands and shook it with all their might, causing the sky to howl.

“Just wait, once I transform into a human, I will be invincible.” Long air.

“We’ll talk about it when the time comes.” Maybe my mom had a baby then. You can think about it if she’s a girl. " Jin Lian grabbed the tail of the man in the sky, threw him into the air, carried him on her back, then said to Feng Yi Xuan and Qi Ao Shuang with a smile, “You two continue, sorry for bothering you.”

Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang didn’t regain their senses for a long time. It was only when Golden Lotus’s figure disappeared from their sight that they finally regained their senses. Feng Yixuan giggled. Golden Lotus’s words about being one of the candidates for his father’s position made him extremely happy. Goldlotus had admitted him.

“Alright, I’m tired, I’ll go rest first.” Qi Ao Shuang stood up and smiled at Feng Yi Xuan, “Yi Xuan, it’s good to have you all the way.”

Feng Yixuan was stunned for a moment, then he grinned. He stood up and followed behind Xiao Ao Shuang.

As Qi Ao Shuang walked in front of him, her vision suddenly blurred. Everything that was originally silver in front of her turned a fiery red color. It was a shocking sight to behold. The fire that filled the sky crazily raged. The sky was fiery red, and the earth was also fiery red.

Something gleamed softly in the blazing fire. Then, what was it?

Xiao Ao Shuang’s vision went black, and she fell down just like that.

“Ao Shuang!” Feng Yi Xuan, who was walking behind them, was greatly shocked. He hurriedly rushed forward to support Qi Ao Shuang, but she had already lost consciousness and was frowning deeply.

“Crescent Moon, Moon King!” “Get out of here.” Seeing Qi Ao Shuang like this, Feng Yi Xuan panicked. He picked Qi Ao Shuang up and rushed into the castle, yelling even louder.

“Damn!” You’re courting death! “You said you weren’t allowed to call me that!” King Yue’s eyes were misty as he walked out of the side hall and yelled unhappily.

“Quick, come over and take a look. What’s wrong with Ao Shuang?” Feng Yixuan didn’t care about anything else as he roared at the Moon King.

Only then did King Yue look at Qi Ao Shuang who was in Feng Yi Xuan’s arms. At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes were tightly shut. Her brows were furrowed, as if she was enduring some immense pain.

“Her body temperature!” It was getting higher and higher! What’s going on? “It’s like it’s going to burn up!” Feng Yi Xuan anxiously asked, “What’s going on?” “King Yue, come and take a look.”

At this time, King Yue woke up from his drunken stupor. His expression turned grave as he walked forward and touched Qi Ao Shuang’s forehead with a frown.

“How is it?” Feng Yi Xuan was burning with anxiety.