Volume 1

Chapter 308

Stunning Edge - C308

“Eh, beautiful lady, are you lost?” Just as Xiao Ao Shuang was about to say what she wanted to say, she was interrupted by a man’s voice. However, this voice didn’t sound comfortable. It was clearly a man’s voice, but it was a little coquettish.

Jin Lian and Liu Li revealed disgusted expressions. The corners of their mouths twitched as they spat to the side. In their hearts, they cursed this damned sissy. Qi Ao Shuang turned her head and saw a handsome man leaning against a tree, with a very handsome posture. That golden curly hair was gently blown by the wind. The corners of her face were sharp, her thin lips were sexy, and her blue eyes were as beautiful as the ocean. If he hadn’t curled his orchid fingers, this man would look perfect from the outside. He would be the ideal lover in the hearts of most young girls. It was hard to imagine that the voice had been his. Of course, this was the Mi Xiu that Goldlotus had spoken of.

“Yes, I am lost. Where is this place?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at King Mi Xiu and asked softly with a smile.

The flirtatious way he smiled almost made the king laugh until his bones softened. He almost slipped.

Jin Lian and Liu Li pursed their lips. Jin Lian whispered, “Who cares what he does?”

“I can’t fly to the Heavenly King’s castle right now, it should be very far away.” Don’t tell me you want me to walk. “What’s the use of having a ready-made coolie?” Qi Ao Shuang did not move her lips, forcing these words out from between her teeth.

“Granny is wise.” When Liu-Li heard this, she began to praise with a smile. The golden lotus’s expression changed, and a bad feeling suddenly arose in his heart. He felt that he would be miserable in the future. Liu-Li would learn bad things from his mother, for sure, for sure!

"This is my back garden, I named it the Sky Realm. “Miss, where are you from?” The Mi Xiu looked at Qi Ao Shuang without blinking, greedily sizing up her surroundings. What a beauty.

“I fell out of a spatial rift.” Qi Ao Shuang told him the truth.

“Oh, how unfortunate.” Mixiu looked pained. In fact, he had already sensed it long ago. Previously, there was a strange spatial ripple here, so he came over to take a look. When he saw Xiao Ao Shuang and the rest, he had already guessed that they must have come here by accident from another plane. It all depended on how the other party replied. Now that Xiao Ao Shuang had such an answer, he felt a sense of goodwill towards him.

“Miss, I haven’t asked for your name yet. I’m so lacking in manners.” “My name is Mishu.” The Mi Xiu King smiled as he stepped forward.

“My name is Qi Ao Shuang.” Xiao Lingshuang smiled and nodded her head once more.

“If Miss doesn’t mind, please rest at my place first.” Then tell me more about your plans. " Mi Xiu invited politely.

“Then I’ll be troubling you.” Qi Ao Shuang did not refuse and nodded with a smile.

King Mi turned around and clapped his hands, and the sounds of tinkling could be heard in the distance. As he approached, the trio stared with wide eyes. What the hell is this? Two pretty deer were pulling a pink car with roses on the back. Suddenly, she understood that this man was not only beautiful, but also the best.

“Miss Ao Shuang, please.” With a smile, the king extended his hand in a gesture of invitation.

Xiao Ao Shuang nodded with a smile, lifted her leg and got into the Deer Carriage. Jin Lian and Liu Li also climbed up. Mi Xiu looked at the two. He blinked his eyes and asked in confusion, “Who are these two?”

When Jin Lian and Liu Li heard these words, they were furious. It seemed like this fellow had only just seen them! From the beginning to the end, all he saw in his eyes was Qi Ao Shuang.

“She’s my mother. Who do you think we are?” Jin Lian said angrily.

The Mi Xiu emperor was petrified, standing on the spot with his mouth wide open. Then, he quickly returned to his normal color and nodded with a smile. This was because he could see the true bodies of Golden Lotus and Liu Li! These two kids weren’t human, so they definitely weren’t Miss’s children.

“Hur hur, let’s go.” With a grin on his face, the Mi Xiu King squeezed himself onto the Deer Carriage, provoking Goldsoul to roll his eyes at him. The two deer kicked and clattered as they ran, and Qi Ao Shuang admired the beautiful scenery around her. Looking at the peaceful scene around her, Qi Ao Shuang gradually calmed down.

Gradually, a huge snow-white palace came into view. A bell-like laugh came from afar.

“The harem is huge.” Golden Lotus murmured softly.

The king pretended not to hear and continued to smile.

When they finally arrived at the huge palace, the deer carriage stopped. A group of women in snow-white dresses were playing in the fountain and ran over when they heard the commotion. After observing for a while, Qi Ao Shuang realized that there were all sorts of things in the world. Blonde, purple-haired, red-haired, white-skinned, black-skinned, petite, taller, tsk tsk, they were all there. But one thing they all had in common was a happy smile on their faces.

“Wang, you’re back.”

“Wang, you promised to play with me tonight.”

“Wang, it’s my turn tomorrow night.”

The chirping sounds surrounded the Mi Xiu emperor. Looking at this scene, Qi Ao Shuang sighed. A man was as big as two women, as big as three women’s wallets, and with four women or more, that meant he was really capable.

However, the next scene made Qi Ao Shuang sigh that not only did this Mi Xiu King have a good looks and position, but he was also a top tier expert. This was because a woman discovered her and happily shouted, “Yi, Wang has brought back the sisters?” Then, all the women rushed over to surround Qi Ao Shuang.

“Little sister, the king is the best man in the world …”

“Yes, sister, you stay.” “To keep us company…”

“Sister, life here is the happiest.”

Mi Xiu looked on with a satisfied smile. Qi Ao Shuang did not speak, only smiled silently. At this time, Jin Lian and Liu Li spoke up, “Are you done yet?” Mom and I are just passing by, and we’re going to find our father! "

Mom, father! These two words were exceptionally ear-piercing, causing all the women to quieten down in an instant. However, it was only quiet for a short while.

“Ah!” The scream almost deafened Qi Ao Shuang. Then he saw the crazed side of things. The women who were gentle earlier all squatted down and stared at the golden lotuses and glaze.

“What a cute child!” “Let me hug you!”

“I’ll carry him first, I’ll carry him first!”

…. The scene became chaotic. Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she threw a self-congratulatory look at Jin Lian and Liu Li before moving closer to King Mi Xiu.

“I’m sorry.” King Mi Xiu’s voice was still as effeminate as ever.

“It’s fine.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she followed the Mi Xiu Emperor into the palace. All the servants in the palace were women, without a single man.

Mi Xiu led Qi Ao Shuang to a beautiful large greenhouse. The maidservants served tea before leaving.

“What’s your relationship with Camille?” As soon as Qi Ao Shuang sat down, the smile on King Mi Xiu’s face disappeared. Instead, he turned serious and asked.

“Oh?” Qi Ao Shuang took a sip of her tea, intrigued. She looked at the Mi Xiu King, but didn’t immediately answer his question.

“Those two children, I sensed the power in their bodies from Camil.” Only then did the Mi Xiu King voice out his reasons. “You, know Camil?”

“That’s right.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded and put down the teacup.

“What’s your relationship with him?” At this point in time, King Mi Xiu was getting nervous.

“I like his rose tea best.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled and replied.

The expression on the face of the Mi Xiu King, however, changed drastically, to the point that there was a hint of fear in his expression. The woman in front of him had such a good relationship with Camil. He was still so frivolous towards her just a moment ago!

Xiao Ao Shuang looked confused, narrowing her eyes as she said, “You seem to be afraid of Camil …” Did he do anything to you? ’

“He, he doesn’t need to do anything. His existence is terrifying.” “No reason.” Mi Xiu said solemnly with a frown. However, his heart was filled with sorrow. Camille, they did not know who he was. They only felt that he was mysterious, and the Heavenly King’s attitude towards him seemed very strange. It seemed to be very respectful, but at the same time, it also seemed to be very respectful. Camille would occasionally come to their parties, but he was taciturn, smiling gently now and then. But the laughter made them shudder. Such a person would actually make tea for Qi Ao Shuang! He didn’t even dare to think about it. Could she be Camille’s woman? Mi Xiu was startled by his own thoughts. But it was possible!

Xiao Ao Shuang was stunned, what was the reason for this? Was Camille really so terrifying in this world?

“I’m looking for him.” And other friends. " Xiao Ao Shuang directly stated her purpose.

“How do you want to find it?” The Mi Xiu King stood up. “He suddenly disappeared a while ago, but he’s always been missing.” He was said to be out on a tour. It’s not easy to find. I can help you find the others. Tell me about their characteristics. "

“Why are you willing to help me?” Xiao Ao Shuang felt it was strange. It was the first time she had met the Mi Xiu King, so she didn’t have any relationship with him. However, he was willing to spare no effort in helping her.

He rolled his eyes, thinking to himself. He couldn’t possibly tell her that Camil would make tea for her, could he?

“I don’t know why, I was just thinking.” The reason that King Mi Xiu said was not a reason.

Qi Ao Shuang didn’t pursue the matter any further. She told all of the characteristics of Feng Yi Xuan, Leng Lingyun, Jin Yan, Jonathan, Dittens and Brill to King Mi Xiu. As for Leng Lingyun’s appearance, Qi Ao Shuang described two things. One was the appearance of a person wearing white clothes, and the other was the appearance of a person with silver hair and purple eyes. Even the Mi Xiu emperor had memorized it.

“This world is very big. I want to issue an inspection order and ask for the help of the other six kings.” It would take a long time. “You can stay here with me for now.” “Of course, I won’t arrange for you to stay with my little pets.”

Qi Ao Shuang smiled, but she did not say anything. Now, looking at the smile on Qi Ao Shuang’s face, he no longer felt that she was beautiful and attractive. What a joke, it was Camil’s people. If it wasn’t something he could mess with, he couldn’t even think about it!

What Xiao Ao Shuang was concerned about was that the people she was looking for all fell into this world from the space and time torrent. Although she knew that the probability of them all being in this world was low, she still hoped so in her heart.