Volume 1

Chapter 316

Stunning Edge - C316

Qi Ao Shuang’s cold smile made Han Qu’s hair stand on end. At this moment, he even wanted to escape immediately! Not to mention facing the previous Heavenly King, even the current Heavenly King had never felt such oppression!

Feng Yixuan opened his mouth slightly and stared blankly at Qi Ao Shuang. At this moment, Ao Shuang looked so unfamiliar and so … Beautiful? Yes, it appeared to be a soul-stirring beauty, as beautiful as the blossoming of a poisonous flower. Even if he knew that it was poisonous, he still wanted to pick it! What kind of strange feeling was this?

Moon King and Mishus were also stunned, as if none of this had anything to do with her.

“What do you mean shaking your head?” asked Mezus, frowning.

“That means he doesn’t know either.” The Moon King answered for Feng Yixuan in a deep voice.

“How could this be? Their relationship …” “He actually doesn’t know about it either ….” Mishus lowered his voice because he could tell from Feng Yixuan’s expression that what the Moon King said seemed to be true. If even Feng Yixuan didn’t know what was going on, then this question …

“Anyway, the problem is solved.” King Yue surveyed his surroundings, which were in complete chaos. There were sandpits of varying sizes everywhere. However, he knew that soon, strong winds would arrive and the sandpits would be filled up, returning to how they were before.

“But, King Yong …” Mishus bit his lip and spat out a few words. Clearly, they understood what Rao Yu had said earlier.

“King Yong, we may have met with misfortune. Let’s go find the other kings.” If a new King of White and King Yong appeared, there would definitely be a sign. “We’ll see when the time comes.” Yue Wang said helplessly, with a hint of sadness in his tone.

“I wonder if the other two generals also joined the Heavenly King.” “We need to find the other Kings as soon as possible.” “If the other Wang Luo meets the other two generals alone, the consequences will be unimaginable.”

Yue Wang nodded, understanding in his heart that Yong Wang’s death was probably caused by Rao Yu and Han Qu joining hands.

“The Heavenly King will definitely look for a new King White and King Yong!” “We need to get there as soon as possible.” He looked off into the distance. “There’s no time to worry about anything else. I’d better summon it.”

“Alright, two of the four generals have already left.” King Yue nodded, then looked at the silent Feng Yi Xuan and the sleeping Qi Ao Shuang, before agreeing to Mi Shou’s decision.

A dazzling white light appeared in the empty space in front of him, and a huge monster appeared. It looked almost identical to the mount Qi Ao Shuang was riding before, but it was much larger in size. It was the size of the previous ten, and its back was even wider and more flat.

“Come on up.” Mi Xiu was the first to fly up. Feng Yi Xuan grabbed Qi Ao Shuang by the toes and leapt up as well. King Yue followed behind.

After everyone sat down, Mezus gently patted Monster on the back. “Let’s go to the southwest to find the True King.”

The monster let out a long roar and then flew smoothly towards the southwest.

The Moon King formed a barrier, enveloping everyone inside and blocking off the direct sunlight and sand. Feng Yi Xuan watched the sleeping Qi Ao Shuang without saying anything.

“Feng Yixuan, what do you think?” King Yue suddenly asked.

“What?” Feng Yixuan only came back to his senses when he heard someone call his name. He turned to look at King Yue.

Moon King looked at Qi Ao Shuang, then looked at Yi Xuan, “What do you think?”

Feng Yixuan’s eyes darkened as he shook his head. “I don’t know what’s going on, but I feel that it wasn’t Ao Shuang herself who did it.” But who else could it be? It was her just now, but it wasn’t him. “Feng Yixuan’s heart is in chaos.” I don’t know either.

“Actually, these two completely different people, Qi Ao Shuang, should be her.” Placing his hand on his chin, Moon King speculated, “It’s possible that she has two personalities?” “This kind of violent and bloodthirsty personality is hidden deep in the heart?”

“It’s not like we’ve never met such a person before.” Mishus nodded in agreement.

Feng Yixuan frowned slightly. The words spoken by Moon King and Mishus made him feel very uncomfortable, but he couldn’t find any other words to refute. Qi Ao Shuang’s abnormal behavior was indeed very bloody and terrifying.

“However, Qi Ao Shuang’s situation is somewhat different from those people.” I can’t tell you what’s different. " King Yue frowned.

“I feel like …” Mezus looked up into the distance, sighing. “Things seem to be getting more and more complicated.”