Volume 1

Chapter 309

Stunning Edge - C309

In the palace of the Mi Xiu King, Qi Ao Shuang was living a boring life, waiting for the news of the Mi Xiu King. However, she did not wait for news of the others’ whereabouts. Instead, she waited for a piece of news that surprised her.

“Are you saying that the White King of the Seven Kings rebelled and killed the Heavenly King?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the sullen King Mi Xiu and confirmed the information he had just received from him.

“That’s right, the King of White rebelled and went to the Heavenly King Palace without summoning anyone. After killing the Heavenly King, we don’t know how he absorbed all of the Heavenly King’s power.” Now he’s going to rule the world. " The king said in a low voice, his face turning uglier by the minute.

“Do you choose to submit or to resist now?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked curiously.

“No.” “Kill him.” With a bitter smile, he continued, “There’s no way he’ll wait for us to submit.” The White King had become the new Heavenly King, and he wanted to place his own power in the new place. Not only that, since the White King had become the Heavenly King, the new King White would also appear. “Once the remaining six Kings meet up with the new White King, they can activate the Seal of Asura and exterminate the new Heavenly King.”

“Then you all can’t rebel in the past. In the past, you seven kings gathered together to exterminate the Heavenly King back then.” Xiao Ao Shuang asked casually.

“Yes, but we won’t.” A faint smile appeared on Mi Xiu’s face as he spoke softly. “Heavenly King is a very good person.”

Qi Ao Shuang did not say anything, because she could tell that the relationship between the two was indeed very good. It was because the light in the eyes of the Mi Xiu King flickered and slowly turned into anger. “I never would have thought that the White King would actually kill the Heavenly King!” His relationship with the Heavenly King was clearly that good. Every year at the banquet, the two of them would drink to their heart’s content. Sometimes, they would even hug each other and laugh. Why would the White King do such a thing?! “Why, why?!” At the end of his speech, the Mi Xiu emperor was so angry that he couldn’t help himself. His hand pounded violently on the table, shaking it until everything on it jumped up.

“Wouldn’t it be better if you asked him this question yourself?” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a deep voice.

“I’m going to ask him myself, and I’m going to kill him myself.” The king’s face grew cold as he stood up. “Miss Ao Shuang, I’m leaving to reunite with the other emperors.” “We need to find a new White King, activate the Asura Seal, and kill the current Heavenly King.” A flash of pain flickered in the eyes of the Mi Xiu emperor as he spoke.

“So?” Qi Ao Shuang thought for a while.

"So all the people in this place will be dismissed. I don’t think the Heavenly King would have done anything to these unrelated ordinary people. Do you want to go with me or do you want to? " Mi Xiu asked in a deep voice.

"Of course I went with you. Do you think that the current Heavenly King will kindly invite me in? " “No matter what, you will protect me by your side. Why wouldn’t I follow you if I had a bodyguard?”

Mixiu was speechless. She nodded. “Alright, let’s get ready to set off.” “Also, we have to hide our whereabouts, the Heavenly King is currently sending people to chase us.”

“Understood.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded. Her current status was basically a drag on the bucket. What other conditions could she have in mind?

“Then let’s get ready.” Mi Xiu said tiredly.

“I keep my things in the ring.” Xiao Aushuang replied, then asked curiously, “What about your subordinates?” “How did you put it?”

“What else can we do? I’m just warning them, if the Heavenly King’s men come, it would be best to negotiate.” “Obey them.” “I don’t want them to suffer any harm.” As for them, they are in charge of the various small territories under me. If they sign a contract and swear loyalty to us, the Heavenly King should not make things difficult for them. “It’s just going to kill us all.”

“You’re a good leader.” Looking at Mi Xiu’s sad face, Qi Ao Shuang said from the bottom of her heart. Although this person spoke with a womanly tone and looked very perverted, this person’s heart was very soft and kind.

“Haha, our Heavenly King is actually an even better person …” After saying this, he didn’t say anything else. Instead, he turned and waved his hands. “I’ll be waiting for you at the entrance tonight. I still have matters to attend to.”

“En, don’t think too much. One day, everything will return to normal.” Qi Ao Shuang said comfortingly to the back of King Mi Xiu.

The king simply waved his hand and said nothing more.

Soon, the palace became noisy. There were crying sounds, noises, and hurried footsteps. Xiao Ao Shuang leaned against the pillar, watching the palace change, feeling emotional in her heart. He could tell how everyone felt at this moment. Indeed, one could see the truth of the situation when faced with a difficult situation. There were women who cried bitterly and refused to leave King Mi Xiu, but there were also those who took the money and ran away in a hurry. 'Human nature, 'Qi Ao Shuang sighed as she shook her head.

“Mom, this King Mi Xiu is actually quite a nice person.” The golden lotus appeared beside Qi Ao Shuang and sighed softly.

“Yeah, I hated him at first. I thought he was disgusting.” “I didn’t expect him to be such a loyal person.” Liu Li also came out. She laid on the back of the golden lotus, holding the golden lotus, stretching her neck and neck as she watched the cold and warm scene in the palace.

“I’m very curious as to what sort of person the original Heavenly King is.” However, Qi Ao Shuang said this. To be able to make such a person as this Emperor Mi Xiu revere him, he must be an extremely gentle and kind person.

“Mom, it’s better to make the best use of your time to recover your strength.” It’s always so insecure for me. " Golden Lotus pouted in protest.

“You’re a man, you actually dare to say such things.” Liu Li reached out her hand to grab onto the golden lotus’s mouth, causing it to grimace.

"Sunk in letting the boredom squeeze in to make the man. (I’ll show you now if I’m a man.) “)” After saying that, Golden Lotus disappeared together with Liu Li. Qi Ao Shuang shook her head in amusement.

Night gradually descended, and the palace gradually became empty. The last line was deathly silent, and only the whistling of the wind echoed in the palace. Qi Ao Shuang stood beside the pillar and looked at the dispirited King Mi Xiu, sighing softly.

“Mi Xiu emperor, everything is over.” What is yours is yours, and will come back. If you insist on staying, you will eventually leave as well. “Now that this opportunity has presented itself, it might not be a bad thing to separate what is yours.” Xiao Ao Shuang comforted him.

“What is mine will ultimately be mine, not mine will ultimately leave …” Mi Xiu muttered to himself, his eyes filled with confusion.

“You were blinded by what you had before. Don’t you see a lot of things clearly now?” Qi Ao Shuang asked with a smile.

Mi Xiu’s eyes gradually became clear. He understood what Xiao Aushuang was trying to say. He slowly raised his head and looked at her. “I understand. Thank you.”

“No need to thank me. Let’s go. I still want you to help me find someone else. Protect me along the way and then find the entrance to spacetime.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled, “If you keep getting distracted, the one who will be in danger will be me.”

The Mi Xiu King smiled. “Qi Aoshuang, no matter what, thank you.” “My name is not King Mishu, my name is Mishus.”

“Okay, Mezus, let’s go.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled at him and the two of them walked out of the hall.

Standing outside the main hall, Mishen turned and stared at the hall. Qi Ao Shuang thought that Misheng was remembering the things that had passed, so she stood still and waited. However, his eyes slowly widened. He watched as Mishus chanted some incantations and made two strange gestures. A transparent barrier slowly extended from the two sides of the palace, then closed towards the center, enveloping the palace inside. Following a rumbling sound, the palace began to sink, slowly vanishing into the ground.

Qi Ao Shuang was dumbfounded. She waited until Mishus turned around before she smiled and said, “This is how my palace is designed. It can become an underground palace.” “Even though the speed changes slower, the Wan Wang’s palace can still move in the air.”

“Each of your king’s palaces has its own uniqueness?” Qi Ao Shuang was surprised.

“Alright.” Mishus nodded. “Let’s go.” I have always forgotten to tell you that the appearance of a young man in the Moon King is very similar to the character of one of the people you told me about. He has red hair and is good at wind magic. King Yue felt that his future is limitless, so he wanted to take him under his banner. "

“It’s Feng Yixuan!” Qi Ao Shuang shouted excitedly.

“It seems to be that name.” Moon King wanted to subdue him, but he kept saying that he had something important to do. “When King Yue got angry, he threw him into his cultivation space.” Seeing the nervous expression on Qi Ao Shuang’s face, Mezus quickly comforted her, “Don’t worry.” That space was not dangerous at all. Rather, it was a good place for cultivation. We’re going to find the Moon King and meet him first. Our territory is the furthest from the palace. “Relatively speaking, it is the safest.” After saying this, Mezus sighed helplessly.

“King Yue is still in his palace?” “Wouldn’t that mean the target is obvious?” Xiao Aushuang asked worriedly.

“No, King Yue received the news before me. He should have already settled everything.” Matthews shook his head slightly.

“Then how do we meet?” What about Feng Yixuan? “What will happen to Feng Yixuan?” This was what Xiao Aushuang was most concerned about. This was because Feng Yixuan should be the same as her. His strength had been drained by the torrent of time and space.

“Don’t worry.” The cultivation space of the Moon King could be carried around with him. No, the entrance can take it with you. It’s a bracelet, so you don’t have to worry about your friend. Matthews explained. When Xiao Aushuang heard this, she heaved a sigh of relief.

“However, we have to be fast.” Find the Moon King and quickly gather with the other kings. The worst thing is, White King, when and where the new White King will be born, we have no clue at all! “This is the worst!” When he thought of the most important question, he felt his head begin to spin.

“What are the conditions to become the White King?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked.

“No.” “Why would it suddenly appear like this …” he thought to himself in a strange way. Mishus’ face turned even uglier when he said this. “It’s said that everything is predestined.” F * * k! What do you mean by predestined? How do we know? “Where are we going to find a new King of White?!” The more Matthews spoke, the angrier he became.

However, Xiao Ao Shuang was puzzled. Destined? Everything was destined? What does that mean?