Volume 1

Chapter 314

Stunning Edge - C314

Xiao Ao Shuang was still sleeping. Her eyelashes that were like small brushes were trembling slightly. At this moment, she saw a strange scene.

The flames in the sky were so hot that it was almost impossible to breathe. The flames were like the flames of hell, sweeping through everything. Everywhere he went, everything vanished into thin air. It was a type of anger that overflowed into the heavens. What had caused such anger? Whose anger was this?

Something very important has been lost, what is it.

An indescribable sadness slowly filled Xiao Ao Shuang’s heart. Losing something important, what is it? His heart was empty, sorrowful, angry …

Feng Yixuan stared blankly at Qi Ao Shuang’s face. The corners of Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes began to slowly leak out crystalline tears.

“Ao Shuang, what’s wrong with you?” What do you see? “Wake up, I will be by your side, I will always be by your side.” Feng Yi Xuan’s heart ached so much that he tightly gripped Qi Ao Shuang’s hand. It was as if he could feel the indescribable sadness. Just what did Xiao Aushuang see that would make her act like this?

Feng Yixuan stayed by the bed, holding Qi Ao Shuang’s hand and maintaining this posture for the rest of the night.

In the early morning, Qi Ao Shuang finally opened her eyes, her hands gently moving. Feng Yi Xuan immediately felt it and hurriedly raised his head to look at Qi Ao Shuang. He slowly turned his head to look at the worried Feng Yi Xuan and gently opened his mouth. “Yi Xuan, what’s wrong with you?” His tone was filled with doubt.

“You, it’s good as long as you’re awake.” Feng Yixuan finally breathed a sigh of relief. Then, after a moment of hesitation, he asked softly, “You, don’t you remember what happened before?”

“What?” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

Feng Yixuan’s face changed slightly. After thinking for a moment, he told Qi Ao Shuang everything that had happened yesterday.

Upon hearing this, Xiao Ao Shuang was also stunned. He then furrowed his brows, deep in thought. Did his actions earlier have anything to do with what he had just seen? Or was it related to him?

Seeing Qi Ao Shuang like this, Feng Yi Xuan was a little worried. He tried to console her, “Ao Shuang, don’t think about it.” “It’s nothing. No matter what, I will stay by your side.”

Qi Ao Shuang turned to look at Feng Yi Xuan and revealed a smile, “Yes, Yi Xuan, thank you.”

“Do you still feel any discomfort?” Feng Yixuan asked with concern.

“No, it feels good.” Qi Ao Shuang replied with a smile.

“That’s good. You rest first, I’ll go prepare breakfast for you. What do you want to eat?” Feng Yixuan also smiled.

“Roast meat.” Qi Ao Shuang pursed her lips into a smile.

“You’re eating so greasy in the early morning?” Although Feng Yixuan said so, he didn’t have any intention of objecting.

“I want to eat it. It’s been a long time since I’ve eaten your roast meat.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled.

Feng Yixuan revealed a knowing smile. His eyes were light with satisfaction. He stood up, turned around, and left to prepare breakfast. Xiao Ao Shuang slowly sat up, looking out the window in silence.

This space, without night or day, was always shrouded in a silvery white light. The title of ‘Moon King’ probably had something to do with this. Qi Ao Shuang slowly got off the bed and walked to the window, gazing at the calm lake in the distance. Lightly closing her eyes, Qi Ao Shuang raised her eyebrows. She didn’t feel wrong, there were indeed changes in her body. In the depths of his soul, there seemed to be a force that was slowly gushing out. Although it was very subtle, it actually existed. Like a seed, but also like a small whirlpool. at an abnormally slow rate. What was that?

No matter what it was, one thing was certain, it had something to do with what had happened and what he had seen.

Leaning lightly on the windowsill, Qi Aoshuang’s thoughts flew far away. She remembered things from a long, long time ago, things from before she came to this world. At that time, he was still living in a bustling place, a society filled with impetuous people. He had nothing to live for, and after he easily ended his life, he saw a suspicious fatty. Could this be the so-called Daoist Immortals? He would never have believed such a ridiculous thing. However, after coming to this world, he realized that there were many things that people did not know about the existence of real things, including gods. In that case, in the world he had lived in before, there must also be a God. Otherwise, why are there so many phenomena that science cannot explain today?

Forget it, forget it. It’s over. Leng Lingyun, Camil, Jin Yan … When can we find them?

At this time, there was a knock on the door, interrupting Qi Ao Shuang’s train of thoughts. Qi Ao Shuang turned her head and said, “Come in.”

The door opened and Feng Yixuan walked in front. In his hands was a huge plate with roast meat, fruits, bread and scented tea. Behind them were King Yue and Mishus. They no longer looked as dizzy as they had last night, but had serious expressions on their faces.

“Moon King, Mishus?” Qi Ao Shuang was puzzled.

“Let’s eat first. We’ll talk while we eat.” King Yue said with a smile.

Feng Yixuan placed the plate on the table, picked up a knife and fork, and began cutting the roast meat into slices for Qi Ao Shuang. He picked it up and placed it in the bread before handing it over to Qi Ao Shuang. Qi Ao Shuang took the meat and smiled at Feng Yi Xuan. Feng Yi Xuan grinned foolishly and forgot to cut the roast meat for himself.

“Qi Ao Shuang, do you feel any discomfort in your body?” King Yue asked with a serious expression.

Xiao Ao Shuang took a bite of the bread and shook her head.

Moon King and Mishus looked at each other, doubt in their eyes. Could it be that Qi Ao Shuang is not the future White King?

“What’s wrong?” “What’s the problem?” Feng Yi Xuan asked after seeing the strange expressions on the two’s faces.

“It’s not a problem, we’re just a little suspicious of the possibility that Qi Ao Shuang might be the future White King.” Mezus’s face was serious, too.

“Huh?” Feng Yi Xuan opened his mouth wide and then turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang said lightly: “What basis do you have to say that?” For some reason, Qi Ao Shuang had a feeling that she was definitely not the ‘White King’ they spoke of.

“We don’t have any proof. We’re just guessing, guessing from the strange phenomenon that happened to you yesterday.” King Yue explained.

“I will definitely not be the White King you all speak of.” Qi Ao Shuang said lightly.

“Why are you so sure?” “I can’t say for sure,” he said. What if you are the White King?

“There’s no reason. I just feel it.” Xiao Ao Shuang took a sip of her flowery tea and said, “You guys should have something to say after coming here, right?”

King Yue’s eyebrows rose, and then he said in a deep voice, “We are preparing to leave. We will go find the other kings and reunite with them to undo the Shura’s seal.”

“Do you want to stay here or go with us and ask for your advice?” It must have been dangerous on the way. The Heavenly King’s men should be searching for us everywhere. " Mishus said in a deep voice.

“You can’t even defeat the Heavenly King’s subordinates?” Xiao Ao Shuang looked at the two with disdain in her eyes.

“How is this possible!”

“How is that possible!”

Both of them said at the same time with flushed faces.

“Then what’s dangerous?” Xiao Ao Shuang pouted, “Then let’s get on the road.” Besides, I have to find my lost friends. "

Moon King and Mishus looked at each other and nodded, “Since that’s the case, if you don’t feel any discomfort, then we’ll set off after lunch and rest.” But one thing they didn’t say. They were the four generals next to the previous Heavenly King, and their strength was no less than theirs. As for whether or not these four generals had joined the current Heavenly King after the death of the previous Heavenly King, they did not know either. If the four generals were to submit to the current King, then the matter would be very troublesome.

“Alright.” “Thank you,” Qi Ao Shuang agreed. She looked at the Moon King and Mishus and smiled, “Thank you.”

Only after Moon King and Misius left did Feng Yixuan speak. “Ao Shuang, what do you think happened to Camil?”

“I guess there are only two people who can make Camille in such a sorry state. No, maybe only one.” Xiao Ao Shuang narrowed her eyes, biting the fork in her hands as she said, “Because there is still one more who is sleeping.”

“You mean the Father God and the Mother God?!” No, a god? This was because the Goddess had been in a deep slumber the entire time. Feng Yixuan was shocked. He was unaware that the roast meat on his fork had fallen onto his plate.

“I guess so.” Xiao Ao Shuang jabbed a fruit with her fork, frowning, and said: “Camil seems to be omnipotent. In my impression, this fellow’s power has exceeded everything I know.” “Only the Father would have the power to deal with him.” Qi Ao Shuang’s tone gradually became worried.

“Then, why would Father want to deal with Camil?” Feng Yixuan’s face sank as he asked with a frown.

“That’s the question!” Qi Ao Shuang bit down on the fruit and stared at Feng Yi Xuan. Her eyes became sharper and sharper. Her eyebrows were knitted tighter and tighter. Even Feng Yi Xuan’s heart was in his throat.

However, Xiao Ao Shuang swallowed the fruit and answered straightforwardly, “I don’t know either.”

Feng Yi Xuan instantly let out a sigh. He was speechless.

“Also, about the Star Academy.” Xiao Aushuang continued eating the fruits and taunting him, “I’m starting to suspect that it was some king in this world who did it. After hearing about the White King, I suspect that it was the White King who did it.” “Perhaps the White King will absorb the power of those people to strengthen himself, and then overthrow the Heavenly King.”

“That’s a reasonable explanation. Now that you put it like that, I also think it was King Bai who did it.” Feng Yixuan agreed and nodded in agreement.

“But I always feel that things aren’t so simple.” Xiao Aushuang shook her head, “But I don’t know why.” “Only when we see the previous King White will we know.”

“Alright.” Feng Yixuan nodded, but he frowned as he began to think.

After eating breakfast, the group of four departed. They were once again in the vast desert, surrounded by the yellow sand that filled the sky.

“Where are we going next?” Feng Yixuan frowned as he looked at the raging sand.

“Go find King Yong.” Just as King Yue finished speaking, his expression abruptly changed because he felt that there was something wrong with his surroundings. Mezus’s face changed as well.

“There’s no need to look for him, because we will immediately send you to meet him.” A rough voice filled with a wild laughter suddenly sounded beside the four’s ears.