Volume 1

Chapter 320

Stunning Edge - C320

In the sky above the blue sea, Lily was lying on her stomach as she looked down at the blue sea.

“Be careful not to fall.” “No,” Matthews said from behind.

“Mi Xiu Emperor, do you think the legend is true?” “Will the legendary behemoth really be living here?” Lily opened her eyes wide in curiosity and looked down without blinking.

“Monstrous?” Feng Yixuan asked, puzzled.

“Yes, it is said that the legendary God Beasts that can overturn the heavens and the earth, even the Fathers and the Mother Gods must respect them.” This legend was very old, and it was unknown how many years it had been circulating for. But no one has ever seen it, and there is no basis for it. " “No,” said Matthews casually.

“But this sea is beautiful.” Lily laid down on her stomach and looked down. She even had the urge to use her secret technique to see if there were real God Beasts down there.

“How far is the Wings King’s castle?” King Yue asked.

“Keep going in this direction. It won’t be very far.” Lily looked up and pointed ahead.

“Strange, there’s the smell of blood …” Feng Yixuan suddenly frowned and said in a deep voice, “The smell of wind.”

Everyone’s face sank. They all knew that Feng Yixuan was sensitive to wind. If Feng Yixuan said so, then it must be true.

“Not good!” “The Wings King is in danger!” Duke Yue suddenly realized and angrily shouted, “Quick!” We must get there at once! “It must be the Heavenly King’s men who came to find us.”

“How did the Heavenly King’s men find this place?” Mishus’ face was extremely ugly to behold. He urged the mount beneath him to increase its speed.

Jin Yan’s expression darkened. “Right now, I hope that the Wings King is fine.” The new King of White and King Yong had already been found by the Heavenly King. If the Wings King was killed at this time, then the new Winged King would not know when to find it. If the Heavenly King were to find it first, things would become even more troublesome.

Everyone was burning with anxiety as they desperately rushed forward. Gradually, an exquisite castle appeared in the clouds before them, and the smell of blood grew thicker and thicker. From a distance, the castle looked like a garden in the sky. Green plants covered most of the area, and there was a fountain in the middle. However, Lily, with her bright eyes, exclaimed, “Blood! There’s blood in the pool!”

Everyone’s heart sank. It seemed like something had happened over here.

As he was about to land, the sounds of intense fighting came from inside the castle.

“Quick!” Moon King and Mishus quickly dismounted from their mounts and rushed into the castle. The others followed closely behind. Along the way, he saw quite a few corpses. The majority of them were actually cut in half, and fresh blood flowed out. His methods were cruel. Not only were the guards killed, there were also many unarmed maids in white clothes!

“Too cruel!” Bastard! “What a bastard!” Lily looked at the terrible scene, her heart full of anger, gritting her teeth as she rushed forward.

Jin Yan coldly glared at him, but didn’t say anything after seeing all this.

Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan walked at the back. Qi Ao Shuang slightly frowned, but she still seemed to be absent-minded.

The deafening sound of fighting was heard. When the group rushed into the hall, the interior was a mess. The walls were broken, and the blood on the ground had dried and solidified. Looking up, there were four people confronting each other in twos and threes.

Seeing one of them, Xiao Ao Shuang cried out involuntarily, “White clothes!” And beside the white robes, there was a bloodstain of blood. This stubborn woman was obviously the Winged King they were looking for.

“Let’s go!” The two people who had been confronting the Winged King and the white-robed man already had the upper hand, but when they saw the arrival of the Moon King and Mishus, they decisively let out a low shout and prepared to retreat. These two were the other two generals beside the Heavenly King.

“Where do you think you’re going?!” Yue Wang shouted to stop him. Mishus and Jin Yan rushed forward to meet the other general.

“Boom!” A loud sound rang out as the two sides engaged in a fierce battle.

“Bai …” Lingyun, how are you? " Xiao Ao Shuang ran over, looking at the bloodstained white robe as she asked worriedly.

“Lingyun?” The man in white looked at Qi Ao Shuang doubtfully.

Xiao Ao Shuang was momentarily stunned, realizing that the person in front of her was still in white clothes, and he was Leng Lingyun, who had yet to recover her memories.

“Leng Lingyun.” Feng Yixuan’s eyes darkened slightly as he looked at the man in white and said in a low voice, “You’re Leng Lingyun. It’s just that you haven’t recovered your memories yet.” Feng Yixuan had already learned of Leng Lingyun’s change from Qi Ao Shuang. Feng Yixuan stared coldly at the white robe in front of him. He knew that this was the true appearance of Leng Lingyun.

The white robe was slightly startled. Blood suddenly seeped out from the corner of his mouth. It was obvious that his injuries were not light.

“Bai Yi, y-are you alright?” The pale Wings King was not lightly injured, but her beautiful face was full of worry. Her eyes were full of love as she looked at the white clothes.

“It’s fine, how are you?” The man in white smiled and reached out to support the Winged King.

“You guys go and rest first.” The war here will be over soon. " Feng Yixuan frowned as he watched the intimate actions of the two. He didn’t know what was wrong with him. If there was a relationship between the Winged King and Leng Lingyun, this should be a good thing for him. But why he felt a wave of uneasiness that he did not understand himself.

“Dance, come here.” Bai Yixue coughed softly, supporting the Winged King to sit down. Dancing must be the true name of the Wings King.

Qi Ao Shuang looked at the scene in front of her, but she couldn’t say anything. An indescribable feeling welled up in his heart. At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s vision dimmed. She raised her head and met Feng Yi Xuan’s gaze. Feng Yi Xuan stood in front of Qi Ao Shuang, preventing her from seeing the scene before her. He said in a low voice, “Look over there, it’s almost over.”

Xiao Ao Shuang was a little enlightened, turning around to look ahead, only then did she see that Lily had already been married into the fight. Lily’s weapon was a whip, the very whip that had been taken from her waist. Although the two generals were not ordinary, when the four faced off against two, coupled with the fact that they had expended too much energy fighting the Winged King and Bai Yi earlier, they were quickly at a disadvantage. It was already too late for her to escape, and she did not persist for long. It didn’t take long for Moon King and Mishus to capture one each.

“Langdon, how did you know about this place?” Duke Yue felt fear in his heart. If they had been a bit late, it would have been too late.

“Haha, pah!” “You have people from the distant clan, can’t we use them to probe?” That general named Random was stopped by King Yue, making him unable to move. Although his body was exhausted, he looked at Lily and spat with bloodshot eyes.

“Impossible!” “How could my race help traitors like you!” Lily screamed and glared at Random.

“You people are all idiots.” “Capturing all of the children and arguing over the use of secret skills.” Random laughed out loud and said mockingly, “But it’s too late. I’ve lost patience, so when I get the news, I’ll take care of it.” “You should be thankful to me. Right now, you are the only descendant of your clan, and your worth has increased by countless folds!” After saying that, Random laughed sinisterly.

Lily suddenly felt all the blood in her body solidify. Of course, she understood the meaning behind these last two sentences of Random’s. The Far Eye had been exterminated! She was the only one of the Far Eye!

“You bastard, go die!” “Go to hell!” With an explosive shout, Lily whipped at Random’s head, and cut Random into two halves from his head to his waist. Blood spattered everywhere, staining the floor red. Relieved, Lily continued to whip Random’s body, sending blood flying in all directions. “Bastard!” “Beast, animal!” Lily cursed at the top of her lungs, but tears kept coming out of her eyes. She cried helplessly, flailing the whip in her hand. The mood of the other people were abnormally heavy. All of a sudden, all the clan members were wiped out, leaving only Lily behind. Anyone who called out to him would not be able to control his emotions.

“All right, Lily!” Seeing that Lili was about to collapse, Jin Yan stepped forward and grabbed her hand.

“Let me go, big brother Jin Yan. I want to tear him into a thousand pieces!” Lily cried and struggled.

“Lily, now that he’s dead, you’ll only dirty your hands.” Jin Yan patiently tried to persuade her, but couldn’t bear to see the helpless crying Lily in front of him.

“Elder Brother Jin Yan …” The whip in Lily’s hand powerlessly fell to the ground. She turned around and threw herself into Jin Yan’s embrace, crying loudly. “Elder brother Jin Yan, I’m so stupid. I should have thought that the Heavenly King would go find my clansmen.” I’m so stupid. “Wuuuuuu, grandpa, dad and the others are all dead.”

Jin Yan could only gently pat Lily’s back, silently comforting her. Everyone’s hearts were heavy.

Another general was temporarily detained. The danger was temporarily lifted, and the Wings King ordered his remaining subordinates to clean the castle. Under the superior medical skills of the Wings King, the wounds of the Wings King and the White Robe were also controlled. Lily fell into a deep slumber from crying. Jin Yan carried her into the guest room to rest, accompanying her by the side. After everything was settled, the Wings King sat on top of the main hall and solemnly said, “The Heavenly King previously sent someone to persuade him, but I didn’t agree.” “My original intention was not to interfere. I didn’t expect him to act so quickly.”

“He tried to dissuade you because your medical skills are excellent. He wanted to subdue you, so he wasn’t that courteous to the other kings.” King Yue said with a cold snort.

"I don’t want to get involved. “I just want to go back with the white clothes and never do anything else.” “… … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …” After saying this, the Wings King turned to look at Bai Yi with a gentle gaze.

“And now?” Mishus asked coldly.

“Now, I want to ask what White Clothes mean.” Wings King gave a soft smile to Bai Yi, “Bai Yi, what do you think we should do next?”

The white robed man’s face grew cold as he spoke with a heavy gaze, “I think that we can only end this matter after fighting the Heavenly King.” The man in white didn’t even look at her.

“Yeah, that’s what I mean.” “The Heavenly King won’t let us go.” Wings King said in a deep voice, “Then, Moon King, tell me about the situation you are currently in control of.”

The Moon King, Misius and the Winged King began their intense discussion. Qi Ao Shuang stood aside in silence, deep in thought. Feng Yixuan was silent as well. His face was grave, and it was unknown what he was thinking.