Volume 1

Chapter 318

Stunning Edge - C318

Feng Yixuan looked up and saw a smiling girl with bright eyes and white teeth sitting on the windowsill. The young girl looked to be only 13 or 14 years old, and her face was still young. However, Feng Yixuan could feel that her cultivation was not low at all.

“Yes, you are?” Feng Yixuan asked, puzzled.

“Hehe, my name is Lili, I’m the left general of big brother Jin Yan!” Lily giggled as she walked over. She wore a set of dark green clothes and a unique belt on her waist.

Feng Yixuan’s face changed slightly. “Do you know about this rebellion?” Feng Yixuan asked with some doubt in his heart. Moon King and Mishus knew that this rebellion was no small matter. They had already dispersed the people around them, including the generals by their side. Did the True King not dismiss the generals by his side?

“I know. It’s precisely because of this that I want to follow by elder brother Jin Yan’s side. Those cowards, scram as far as you can.” Lily grunted coldly, her face full of disdain.

Feng Yixuan looked at Lily, stunned. He directly asked, “You like Jin Yan?”

Lily’s face immediately turned red. She lowered her head to touch her belt before raising her head to look at Feng Yi Xuan and confessed, “That’s right, I like big brother Jin Yan.” I fell in love with him the first time I saw him. I swore then that I would follow him all my life, whether he liked me or not. "

Feng Yixuan was stunned by this girl’s straightforward reply.

“She is the young lady mentioned by elder brother Jin Yan, right?” Lily walked forward and crossed her waist as she looked at the sleeping Qi Ao Shuang. She said in a carefree manner, “She is indeed beautiful. As expected of the woman that elder brother Jin Yan likes.”

Feng Yi Xuan was dumbfounded.

“You, you …”

“You definitely know that elder brother Jin Yan likes her, but she doesn’t seem to like elder brother Jin Yan.” She likes you? “Or is that one called Young Master Leng?” Lily giggled.

Feng Yixuan was even more astonished.

"I know that big brother Jin Yan likes her, but it doesn’t matter. Even so, I will still stay by elder brother Jin Yan’s side. It doesn’t matter if elder brother Jin Yan doesn’t like me for the rest of his life. I just need to follow by his side. " Lily giggled and spoke her thoughts even more directly.

However, Feng Yixuan suddenly fell silent, and his face darkened. Looking at Lily, he opened his mouth a little but didn’t know what to say.

"You don’t have to say anything. I hate being called stupid. “That’s what I want.” Lily smiled mischievously, sitting on the bed, looking at the sleeping face of Qi Ao Shuang, sighing with emotion, “So beautiful.”

“Right, what’s your name?” “What about her?” Lily turned to look at Feng Yixuan and asked.

“Feng Yi Xuan, she is Qi Ao Shuang.”

“Qi Ao Shuang …” Lily repeated these few words in a low voice, then nodded and stood up, “She is someone that big brother Jin Yan will protect even with his life, so she is also the person I will protect with all my might.” “I will help big brother Jin Yan protect her in the future.”

“Thank you, thank you …” Feng Yi Xuan said somewhat sourly. Could a person’s love really be so selfless and achieve such a level …

“You’re welcome.” “Hehe, I hope she wakes up soon.” Lili giggled and stood up. Walking to the window, she stuck out her tongue, “I’m leaving. Please don’t tell elder brother Jin Yan that I’ve secretly come over.”

Feng Yixuan nodded, and Lily gracefully climbed out of the window.

The room quieted down once again. Feng Yixuan looked dazedly at Qi Ao Shuang’s sleeping face. Waves of gentleness arose in his heart.

When Qi Aushuang slowly opened her eyes, what entered her eyes was the magnificent bed curtain. She gently turned her head and saw Feng Yixuan lying on the bed, sound asleep.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly reached out her hand to touch Feng Yi Xuan’s head. As soon as she touched him, she immediately woke up.

“Ao Shuang, you’re awake. Are you hungry?” Feng Yi Xuan revealed a smile and gently heaved a sigh of relief.

“Yi Xuan, I had a dream …” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice was faint, but it also carried a hint of sadness.

“What’s wrong?” What do you dream? ’ Feng Yixuan asked worriedly when he saw the strange expression on Qi Ao Shuang’s face.

"I dreamed of flames and charred creatures. Monstrous hatred and anger. It was all my doing. I was looking for something. " Qi Ao Shuang slowly sat up. Feng Yi Xuan quickly extended his hand to support her.

“Looking for what?” Feng Yixuan frowned.

“I don’t know.” Qi Ao Shuang shook her head.

“Then don’t think about it for now. I’ll go get someone to bring water for you to wash your face and prepare some food for you.” Feng Yixuan reached out a hand to gently stroke Qi Ao Shuang’s head to comfort her.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded lightly, and did not say anything else.

Everyone in the hall was seated and discussing. Everyone was there, including Lily. Qi Ao Shuang was a little absent-minded, the scene in her dream was still vivid in her mind, striking fear into her heart.

“So, right now, we need to find other kings and open the Shura’s seal before we can exterminate the Heavenly King and reach Camil’s castle?” Feng Yixuan concluded.

“That’s what it means.” Even if we don’t exterminate the Heavenly King, the Heavenly King will take the initiative to look for us. “No, or is he actually waiting for us to go?” King Yue suddenly frowned.

"If he doesn’t move, doesn’t that mean he’s waiting for death? “Wait until we gather and open the seal?” Mishus didn’t understand.

“What if some of them have already betrayed him?” Yue Wang’s words caused everyone’s expressions to change.

“No, he has swallowed the Heavenly King, who will side with him!” Mishus flatly refused.

“What if it’s the new king?” Feng Yixuan said softly. Mezus’s face changed.

“Then, now that King Yong and King Bai cannot be sure, we should go find the Winged King.” Moon King’s face sank.

“Will the Wings King be in danger?” Feng Yixuan interrupted.

"No, the Wings King’s movements are erratic. Her castle is a city in the sky, always moving through the clouds. No one can pinpoint the location. " Moon King explained.

“Then, it’s not easy to find.” Feng Yixuan asked with a worried frown.

Matthews shrugged and fell silent.

Just as everyone was discussing, Jin Yan frowned and suddenly said, “There’s someone outside the palace.”

“Who?” Everyone asked in unison.

“Emissary of the Wings King …” Jin Yan said this with a puzzled expression. When everyone heard this, their faces were filled with doubt. This was too strange. Just a moment ago, he was still talking about the Wings King.

Jin Yan didn’t say anything else. His hand gently drew a mark in the air and a mirror-like object appeared. Ripples began to appear in the water, but it gradually became clear and reflected the people inside.

“The Wings King himself!”

“Why is it her?!”

In the mirror was a woman wearing a black cloak. Although her body was covered by the cloak and her face was covered by a hat, the Moon King and Mishus could tell who she was just from her figure and the exposed part of her face.

“Wings King, is it a woman?” Feng Yixuan was flabbergasted.

“Did anyone tell you she was a man?” King Yue curled his lips.

Feng Yi Xuan smirked and shook his head.

“Is it really the Wings King?” Indeed.

“It’s her. It can’t be wrong.” Moon King and Mishus both nodded.

“Well, I’ll let her in.” Jin Yan nodded to Lily before heading out to welcome the Winged King. Jin Yan’s hands formed a seal in front of his chest as he opened the stone door.

Not long after, Lily led the Wings King in.

“Wings King, it’s good that you’re fine.”

“Great, Wing King.” You know how critical the situation is. “So you came to find us first?”

Moon King and Mishus stepped forward to greet him, greeting him warmly.

“Yes.” “That’s right…” The Wings King lowered his head from beginning to end, and did not take off her cloak, replying in a low voice.

“That’s great! All that’s left now is to look for the new King of White and King Yong.” Moon King let out a sigh of relief, then turned around and walked back, “Wings King, did you also dismiss your subordinates and send them here alone?”

But Mishus only frowned slightly. He had a nagging feeling that something was amiss.

“There’s no need to find a new Eternal King and White King.” “Because they are all with the Heavenly King …” Wings King’s low voice suddenly changed its pitch. In the next moment, everyone only felt a blur in front of their eyes. In front of the Wings King, the Moon King was stabbed in the chest by a sharp treasured sword, and blood flowed down from the tip of the sword. The other end of the sword was in the Winged King’s hand.

This sudden change shocked everyone.

“Little Yue Ya!” Mishus’ expression changed drastically as he cried out in pain.

The Winged King succeeded in his attack. He quickly pulled out his sword tip, sneering coldly as he retreated.

Surprised, Jin Yan and Lily rushed forward to protect Moon King and Mishus behind them.

The Winged King held his blood-stained treasure sword and laughed, “You actually want to rebel against him, you are truly looking for your own death!” “The Heavenly King’s seat should be his to begin with!”

At this time, Qi Ao Shuang was also stunned by the sudden change. She and Feng Yi Xuan both frowned as they looked at the Wings King. Everything that had happened was too sudden. No one could stop the attack just now.

“Wing King!” “You also joined that beast!” Mishus supported the bloodied Moon King, the fury in his heart billowing to the heavens.

The Winged King sneered.

“She, is not the Wings King …” Yue Wang struggled to say these words intermittently. At this moment, the wound on his chest slowly changed, gradually stopping the blood. However, King Yue was getting weaker and weaker.

“It’s not the Wings King!” “Who are you?” Mishap was shocked. He turned his head to look at the ferocious Winged King and asked.

“I, hehe, did you forget about the twin sister of the Wings King who is a hundred times better than her?” The Wings King held his sword and laughed, “Don’t worry, the Moon King won’t die, but he won’t live after being poisoned by my poison.” “Haha, you can forget about opening the Shura Seal in your entire lives!” Winged King laughed wildly.

“You!” “Go to hell!” Seeing the Moon King getting weaker and weaker, Mishap was about to attack.

“I don’t need your help.” The Wings King threw the sword in his hand down, and flames began to slowly rise from his body, slowly enveloping her entire body. The scorching flames made one wish for death, but a smile of happiness unexpectedly appeared on her face. She muttered, “My King, you can always rest at ease in that position. No one can cure my poison …” “My king, my king …”

Mezus tried to charge forward to extinguish the fire on the Winged King, but Jin Yan stopped him. “It’s useless. Soul Ignition.” “You are invincible.”

In the next moment, the Wings King was burnt out, leaving only a small pile of ashes on the ground. The beautiful figure from earlier was no longer there.

“Little Yue Ya!” Mishus felt the Moon King’s aura weakening in his arms, and he could not help but feel anxious.

No one noticed that Qi Ao Shuang did not move at this point, and she stood there in a daze.