Volume 1

Chapter 321

Stunning Edge - C321

At night, the surroundings were completely silent. Xiao Ao Shuang stood at the edge of the castle garden, quietly looking down at the endless blue sea. The sea breeze gently blew her long black hair, dancing with the wind.

“Ao Shuang …” At some point, Feng Yixuan had stood behind her.

“Yes.” Qi Ao Shuang did not turn around, only gave a soft reply.

“Leng Lingyun’s memory has yet to recover. Don’t mind her too much, just wait for her to remember everything.” Feng Yixuan’s voice rang out from behind Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang smiled and shifted her attention to Feng Yi Xuan, gently opening her red lips: “Yi Xuan, are you speaking up for Lingyun?”

“No, I just don’t want to see you upset about it.” With a faint smile, Feng Yixuan shook his head gently. Then, he walked forward and leaned against the wall, which was half the height of a human, and looked at the quiet sea below.

Xiao Ao Shuang was slightly startled, then she smiled and was about to say something when she heard footsteps behind her.

The two of them turned around and saw Wings King standing behind them.

“Wings King.” Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan greeted him softly.

However, the Wings King didn’t say anything and looked at the two with a gloomy expression.

“What’s the matter?” Feng Yixuan frowned slightly. He had never liked this woman. This woman always showed her gentleness in front of Leng Lingyun. As the ruler of a kingdom, how could he be so weak?

“You are Qi Ao Shuang.” Not the tone of a question, but certainty.

“Yes.” Looking at the dark expression on the Wings King’s face, Qi Ao Shuang slightly raised her eyebrows.

“Hehe, you are the woman in white who cares about you.” “You’re not much.” After saying that, the Wings King straightened his ample chest and looked at Qi Ao Shuang with disdain.

Feng Yixuan’s blue color turned unsightly. For now, he could only bear with it. What exactly did this woman want to do?

Xiao Ao Shuang smiled faintly. Was this woman here to demonstrate her might? Show off her body and height? I’m afraid not.

Indeed, the Wings King’s expression changed, and he looked coldly at Xiao Aoshuang, saying solemnly: “Qi Aoshuang, I warn you, the white clothes are mine.” “If you want me to help you unseal the Asura Seal and exterminate the Heavenly King, then stay far away from my white clothes.”

“Wings King, you overestimate yourself!” White clothes weren’t an accessory to anyone, they didn’t belong to anyone, he was just himself. “If he chooses you, we have nothing to say, but if you use this as a threat, you will lose your status as the Wings King!” Before Qi Ao Shuang could react, Feng Yi Xuan was already furious and started to scold him.

“Hmph!” “As long as you keep your distance from Bai Yi and immediately disappear from our sight after you achieve your goal, I am confident that I will be able to make Bai Yiyi into me.” The Wings King raised his head proudly as he looked at Xiao Ao Shuang and said with a cold humph.

“Wing King!” “You’re shameless!” Feng Yixuan was enraged, and his face darkened.

"Please take note of your wording. Ah… “Eh …” Wings King only said half of what he wanted to say, but he couldn’t say the rest.

Her neck was already being gripped by Qi Ao Shuang’s right hand, and Qi Ao Shuang slowly raised her hand, lifting the Wings King off the ground. The Wings King held onto Qi Ao Shuang’s right hand, trying his best to struggle, but he couldn’t do it no matter how hard he tried. Her legs started kicking wildly, and her breathing became more and more difficult. Her originally pretty face was becoming redder and redder. Finally, panic began to appear in her eyes. She realised that she was unable to resist the force of Qi Ao Shuang. The strength of this seemingly weak girl was actually so unfathomable.

“Who do you think you are? You dare to threaten me…” Qi Ao Shuang’s cold and ethereal voice sounded softly, her tone containing a hint of disdain.

The Wings King looked at Xiao Aushuang in horror, why did she feel as though she was being watched by the god of death? The young girl in front of him was so cold and terrifying, as though she wasn’t even warm at all. She looked completely different from before. What was going on?

“Ao Shuang, Ao Shuang!” Of course, Feng Yixuan knew what was going on. It was another Qi Ao Shuang who had come out. The bloodthirsty and cold Qi Ao Shuang appeared once again!

“You dare to touch my things?” Qi Ao Shuang smiled coldly, that smile almost scared the Winged King out of his wits. For the first time in his life, the Wings King felt an unprecedented sense of oppression.

“Ao Shuang, don’t kill her.” Feng Yixuan frowned slightly, somewhat nervously stopping Qi Ao Shuang’s actions. If he killed the Wings King here, the future would be very troublesome.

“You like her?” Qi Ao Shuang slowly turned around and looked at Feng Yi Xuan. Her eyes started to turn cold.

“How is that possible, but she can’t die now, otherwise it will be very troublesome.” “Kill her, and we’ll find a new Wing King.” Feng Yixuan shook his head.

Xiao Ao Shuang slightly closed her eyes and gently waved her hand. The Wings King crashed into the ground. The bones in its body were almost shattered, and a hole was created on the ground. A loud sound reverberated through the entire castle, and the Wings King fainted on the ground in a sorry state. Xiao Ao Shuang turned to look at the castle expressionlessly. The sound of hurried footsteps came closer and closer. It was the people in the castle who had heard the sound and came looking for him.

Feng Yixuan looked at the wounded Wings King on the ground, feeling somewhat irritated. This Wings King had indeed brought this upon himself, but with the current situation, how could he explain it?

Very quickly, people arrived. Yue Wang, Mishus, and Bai Yi, Jin Yan, and Lily were not far behind.

“What’s going on?” Did the Heavenly King’s men come again? " When the Moon King saw the injured Wings King lying unconscious on the ground, he hurriedly went forward to support him.

Feng Yixuan’s face sank and he remained silent.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes were cold as she shifted her gaze to the man in white.

“What’s going on?” Matthews frowned slightly. He could sense that something was amiss. In addition, there was a strange expression on Feng Yixuan’s face.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly walked towards Leng Lingyun. For some reason, Leng Lingyun’s heart started to panic. Just like that, she met the gaze of Qi Ao Shuang. Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes seemed to be misty, but at the same time, burning hot … Slowly, slowly, Qi Ao Shuang reached out her hand and gently pinched the chin of her white dress.

“I will bring you back …” Qi Ao Shuang’s faint voice seemed to resound in the hearts of everyone present, stirring up their heartstrings.

“Ao Shuang …” The expression in Bai Yi’s eyes was extremely complicated. Doubt could be seen in his eyes, as well as deep sorrow.

“Wait till I regain my strength …” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes became more and more lax, and then her body shook and she fell down.

Without any hesitation, Bai Yi immediately reached out to hug Qi Ao Shuang.

There was a deathly silence as everyone stared blankly at Qi Ao Shuang in her arms. He knew that Xiao Aushuang was different from before.

Lily looked at Qi Ao Shuang in astonishment before looking at the heavily injured Wings King. She gently tugged on Jin Yan’s sleeve in a daze. “Elder brother Jin Yan, what’s going on?”

Jin Yan lowered his gaze and sighed softly. “Don’t ask anymore.” “I’ll tell you later.”

Li Li looked curiously at Jin Yan’s face before she looked at Qi Ao Shuang. Finally, she obediently nodded and no longer asked any further.

At this moment, the guards of the castle ran over. Seeing the Winged King injured made him panic.

“There’s nothing here, you can all go now.” Bai Yixue said to the guards in a deep voice.

The guards looked at the Wings King in the Moon King’s embrace with doubt, then looked at the white-robed Qi Ao Shuang in his embrace. They looked at each other with doubt in their hearts.

“I said, it’s fine.” Don’t let me say it a second time. " The voice of the man in white gradually became cold.

When the guards saw the attitude of the white-clothed person, they quickly saluted and left.

The man in white looked at Qi Ao Shuang in his arms. Pain flashed through his eyes for a moment before he raised his head and walked towards Feng Yi Xuan. “Carry her in to rest.”

Feng Yixuan frowned, wanting to see what Bai Yixue would bring him. However, his white robes were missing and his eyes were unperturbed.

After Feng Yi Xuan carefully carried Qi Ao Shuang, Bai Yi turned around and took the Wings King from the Moon King’s hands. He then turned around and headed back to the castle.

Feng Yixuan frowned slightly as he followed behind with Qi Ao Shuang in his arms. Moon King and Mishus followed.

Jin Yan stood where he was for a long time without moving. He looked at the hole in the ground and didn’t say anything for a long time. Lily stood quietly beside him, silently accompanying him.

After a long time, Jin Yan raised his head slightly, looking at Lili who was by his side. With some surprise, he asked, “Why are you still here?”

“Of course I’ll follow by elder brother Jin Yan’s side.” Lily said as a matter of course.

A faint smile appeared on Jin Yan’s face, but he didn’t say anything else. Instead, he softly said, “Then, let’s go back and rest.”

“Elder Brother Jin Yan, you have something on your mind.” However, Lily didn’t move. Instead, she clasped her hands behind her back and spoke seriously to Jin Yan.

Jin Yan didn’t deny it, but nodded instead. “Yes, I’m worried about the young lady.”

“Are you worried about Sister Ao Shuang?” Why? “What just happened?” The doubt in Lily’s heart grew.

“What did Miss feel?” Jin Yan asked in a deep voice.

“Terrifying, very cold, and very powerful. It doesn’t seem to be the same person as before.” “But they’re all alone.” Lily answered seriously and also voiced her doubts.

"Yes, they are one and the same. Young Miss’s willpower, there were actually two of them. One of them is what you just said, powerful and cold, deep in hiding. “Sometimes.” Jin Yan’s expression grew uglier. “A person can’t have two conscients at the same time.” Just like a person’s body can’t hold two souls. "

“What?” “What then?” Lily’s face changed.

“Devour.” Jin Yan said these two words with some difficulty.

“You mean that this powerful Big Sister Aushuang will devour the previous one?” Lily opened her mouth wide in shock.

"If a body has two wills, the result will be the same. However, there were exceptions. That was the fusion, the fusion of the two wills. “But, this is too difficult …” After Jin Yan said this, his face turned pale.