Volume 1

Chapter 325

Stunning Edge - C325

Qing Hua abruptly shook her head, a scornful smile appearing on her lips. She secretly mocked herself in her heart for having such a ridiculous idea. There was no one who could match the power of the master. If the master wanted, what could the master not have? Unless that person appeared. However, that person would definitely not appear.

The Red Lotus is like fire and the White Lotus is like ice.

As for me, I am a cyan flower. Whether I am in love or not, I only belong to my master. Qing Hua slightly lowered her head, gently placing her hand on her chest.

Everyone was busy preparing their food. Winged King was hiding in the corner by himself, out of the corner of his eye, he secretly glanced at everyone, observing their movements. At this time, she no longer looked at Leng Lingyun with any love eyes, only fear. No one noticed her existence. She carefully moved to the side, moving slowly again and again. Then she slowly stood up and slowly retreated into the forest behind her.

Blueflower glanced at the Winged King. Startled, the Winged King halted his movements. However, it was as though Qin Wentian didn’t see her as his gaze shifted to the side. The Wings King let out a soft sigh in his heart and quietly retreated, gradually disappearing into the dense forest behind him.

When everyone was ready to eat, the Moon King finally discovered that the Wings King had disappeared.

“The Wings King?” Yue Wang stood up and called out curiously.

“Is it convenient?” Matthews guessed.

King Yue frowned slightly and shook his head, “It can’t be, could it be …”

“She’s gone.” “Yes,” Blue Flower said coldly.

“Gone?” King Yue asked in shock.

“He left a long time ago.” Qing Hua said indifferently.

“Then why didn’t you stop us? Why didn’t you call us?” Matthews was getting anxious. The Wings King’s absence would make the following events more complicated and difficult.

After she finished speaking, a terrifying aura exploded from her body. Her eyes narrowed as she stared at him coldly. “Do I have a duty to tell you?”

Mishap was shocked by this aura. His body unsteady, he took a step back and was immediately supported by Moon King.

“You don’t.” “But, Blueflower, I warn you, be a little more courteous to my friend.” At this time, Leng Lingyun’s cold voice sounded.

“Lord Bing, your subordinate is only responsible for your safety.” Qinghua’s face relaxed, then she slightly bent her body and said to Mishus, “Just now, this little girl forgave you for your rudeness.” After saying this, he didn’t care about Mishus’ reaction. He just sat by the side without saying a word.

“Wings King, you don’t plan to help us.” “She won’t be able to undo the Shura’s seal together.” Yue Wang frowned and said solemnly, “Let’s chase after her and come back.” I persuaded her. "

“Yeah, I can use my secret skill to see where she is.” Lily answered at once. Jin Yan’s expression darkened. He glared at Lily, who immediately shut her up, no longer speaking.

“She shouldn’t have walked very far. We can chase her now,” Lu Sheng said with a smile. “Don’t use Lily’s eyes.” Jin Yan said in a deep voice.

“No need.” Leng Lingyun stopped him with a cold expression.

“But …” Yue Wang wanted to say something, but was stopped by Leng Lingyun.

“The opening of the Shura seal is no longer important.” “We only need to reach the Heavenly King Castle, there’s no point in gathering the seven kings.” Leng Lingyun said these words indifferently.

“What, what do you mean?” This time, it wasn’t only Duke Yue who was puzzled, the others were also extremely puzzled. Only Qi Ao Shuang remained silent. There was a trace of loneliness and worry on her face.

“If we want to kill the Heavenly King, it’s enough with her.” Leng Lingyun’s gaze shifted, looking at the blue and white flower at the side. But there was one thing that remained unsaid. That was the agreement between him and the goddess. The test of the Goddess … If Feng Yixuan could recover his memories that were like fire, what would happen to the goddess if he could continue to protect Qi Ao Shuang like he did now?

Everyone was stunned. Qinghua, could this weak and delicate woman kill the Heavenly King?

“I do.” He sat down to the side and began chopping the roast meat. Qi Ao Shuang had a complicated look in her eyes, but she didn’t say anything.

Qing Hua glanced at the crowd, then let out a cold snort. She turned around and looked to the side, paying no attention to the others.

Leng Lingyun did not say anything and sat beside Qi Ao Shuang, preparing to eat. The meal was especially dull. There was no longer the relaxed atmosphere from before.

After dinner, they rested for a while before continuing their journey. On the way, Leng Lingyun remained silent and only sat beside Qi Ao Shuang. Feng Yi Xuan continued to stare at Leng Lingyun with a frown. He felt that Leng Lingyun was hiding something from him. What exactly happened under the blue sea?

However, Xiao Aushuang no longer looked depressed and dispirited. Her eyes were filled with determination and clarity. He slowly closed his eyes. A breeze blew past his eyes, lifting her long hair and lifting her heart. Qi Ao Shuang focused her attention, but she could feel the strange power in her body becoming more and more obvious. If it used to be a seed that gave birth to a little bud, it has already grown green leaves and gradually grown bigger.

Suddenly, Qi Ao Shuang opened her eyes and waved her hand in the air. A flame soared into the sky and gradually spread out in the sky. Finally, it formed a huge curtain of fire that abruptly bloomed. It was as beautiful and enchanting as a giant lotus flower in full bloom.

Everyone was stunned. This was because Qi Ao Shuang’s move contained an incomparable amount of power. It was enough to shock anyone.

Qing Hua stared blankly at the curtain of fire that hadn’t disappeared for a long time before her mouth slowly opened. She didn’t see wrongly, right? This was clearly a power that only the master had the ability to control. Why is this imposter only attached to the product can be used? Why?

“Ao Shuang!” Leng Lingyun looked at Qi Ao Shuang in surprise, and could not help but exclaim in a low voice.

Qi Ao Shuang looked down at her hand, and a smile gradually appeared on her face. Power. A familiar power was slowly recovering. The seed in his body sprouted. Long leaves, bloomed …

A smile appeared on Jin Yan’s face. “Young Miss’s strength has recovered.”

“So powerful!” Lily stuck out her tongue.

However, Feng Yixuan’s expression was somewhat complicated because his strength showed no signs of recovering. At this rate, he wouldn’t accept it if he continued protecting him, not Qi Ao Shuang, but Qi Ao Shuang! … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … ….

“How is this possible!” However, Blueflower couldn’t control herself and rushed over, “This is impossible!” How can you, an imposter, use your master’s power? “When did you steal the power?!”

“Azure Flower!” “Shut up!” Leng Lingyun’s expression suddenly turned cold as she sternly scolded, “Pay attention to what you say.” I don’t mind letting you disappear right now. "

“This is impossible, this is impossible …” Qing Hua’s eyes began to glaze over as she murmured softly, “This is impossible …” “How is this possible …”

“Hmph!” Leng Lingyun did not pay any more attention to Qinghua, but turned to look at Qi Ao Shuang, saying worriedly, “Don’t bother about her.”

Qi Ao Shuang smiled and shook her head: “Ling Yun, don’t worry.” I won’t disappear, I won’t. We’re going back to Ceylon together. " Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she turned her head to look at Feng Yi Xuan and Jin Yan. She raised an eyebrow and said, “You guys, right?” We’re going back to those guys. Maybe we’ll see Little Chu Xin and Little Xia when we go back. "

As Qi Ao Shuang said this, smiles of understanding appeared on the faces of Feng Yi Xuan and Jin Yan. Leng Lingyun heaved a sigh of relief in her heart. Looks like Xiao Ao Shuang is stronger than he thought.

To the Silan Continent?

Leng Lingyun raised her head and looked into the distance, her eyes filled with confusion. Would he be able to go back?

Out of the corner of his eyes, Leng Lingyun looked towards Feng Yixuan, who was currently talking to Qi Ao Shuang, and sighed in his heart. Feng Yi Xuan, after you recover all your memories, will you still be able to deal with Ao Shuang like this? If you can’t. I will kill you myself! A trace of darkness flashed in Leng Lingyun’s eyes, and it disappeared in an instant.

Qing Hua sat quietly by the side, still in a daze. Her hands were tightly clenched, and her nails dug deep into her flesh. Blood flowed through the gaps of her fingers without her knowing it. At this moment, she only had one thought in her mind, and that was that Qi Ao Shuang seemed to be a real threat to her master. Then, he couldn’t stay. This dangerous woman absolutely couldn’t stay. What other chance did her master want for her to test him? There was no need to go through all this trouble. Just kill her and erase her will. This way, the fire and the white lotus would immediately return to their master’s side. Everything was settled satisfactorily.

Blueflower slowly lowered her head to look at her own palm. A green stream of air gradually rose from her palm. Slowly, without a sound. No one noticed the abnormality of the blue and white flowers. At this moment, everyone was laughing and relaxing. The Moon King and Mezus were curious, too. They asked about the events that had taken place in the continent. As for Qi Ao Shuang, Feng Yi Xuan, Leng Lingyun and Jin Yan, they were immersed in their memories. They smiled as they narrated the events of the past.

When Jin Yan and Leng Lingyun mentioned that Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang had met for the first time and Hua Li had stepped on them, they were all overjoyed. Moon King and Mishus were laughing so hard that they leaned back and forth. Lily’s laughter was even more exaggerated.

“Young Master Feng, so you like being mistreated by others. You really are different from ordinary people.” Lily laughed loudly.

Feng Yi Xuan’s face turned red. He waved his fists and shouted in excitement, “Nonsense! What do you know?” How can you understand how I felt? "

Everyone then heard Feng Yixuan talk about how he was kidnapped by Shui Wenmo and how he took revenge on Shui Wenmo. They all began to laugh out loud. Lily was laughing so hard that she was on the verge of tears.

No one saw that the cyan and white faces were turning colder and colder. The air current in her palm was gently swaying, curving and circling like a viper. It was extremely strange.