Volume 1

Chapter 327

Stunning Edge - C327

“Where to?” Qi Ao Shuang looked at the Heavenly King before her, a complicated feeling swirling in her heart.

“Where he pointed.” The Heavenly King slowly turned around to look at Xiao Aushuang, a bitter smile on his face as he said, “You people, don’t know what love is.”

"You don’t know what love is. “You’re a lunatic, pervert!” “You’re not in love at all,” Lily finally blurted out. Love is willing to give up everything for a person, not take the lives of others recklessly! You don’t respect people, you’re selfish, you only love yourself, you don’t think about other people’s feelings at all. "

“Oh, you seem to know how to love?” The Heavenly King’s eyes flashed with a faint sneer.

“Better than you, at least.” Lily snapped angrily.

“You are willing to die for the people you love?” The Heavenly King’s voice was faint and abnormally feminine.

“Of course!” I will never kill the man I love the way you did. “That’s not love at all!” Lily angrily rebuked the King.

"You’re wrong, I didn’t kill him. I’m with him forever. " The Heavenly King turned his head to the mirror beside him and murmured, “How can you mediocre people understand what the ultimate of love is …” Now, everyone finally understood why the decorations in the palace were so strange. It turned out that there was a mirror here!

In her eyes, the King of Heaven was an absolute pervert.

The King smiled faintly, turning to look at Xiao Aushuang and said: “I will not argue with you.” Love is what you ask yourselves. Go where you’re supposed to go. "

“Damn it!” Lily bit her teeth and squeezed out the two words.

The Heavenly King glanced at Lily before shifting his gaze to Jin Yan. A trace of mockery flashed in his eyes.

“You said that you loved the Heavenly King, and that’s why you betrayed him and murdered him?” Mishus carried the unconscious Moon King in his arms and asked with a dark expression.

“None of your business.” You can leave with them now, or you can choose to stay and get out. “As long as you keep your word, I don’t want to bother you anymore.” The Heavenly King said with a look of disdain, “All of you are no match for me.”

Mishus’ face sank. It was extremely unsightly, but just as the Heavenly King had said, they had no other choice. Only by relying on the cooperation of the various kings could he undo the seal and exterminate the Heavenly King. But now that the Winged King had left, the current King of White and King Yong probably wouldn’t be willing to kill the Heavenly King either.

“Alright, I hope you can keep your promise.” Mezus picked up the Moon King and left the hall without looking back. Moon King was severely injured and needed to be treated and rested as soon as possible, but Mishus didn’t want to waste time in these areas. He could tell that the person behind Qi Ao Shuang had an extraordinary relationship with the Heavenly King.

The Heavenly King didn’t pay any more attention to Mezus. Instead, he slowly walked to the throne and pressed on its armrest. The chair emitted a creaking sound and slowly moved to the side, revealing a passageway.

“Go, Camille has ordered it.” The Heavenly King stood at the side and looked at the crowd, “If you want to go, then go. If you don’t want to go, then stay.” Perhaps he would never be able to come back to that place again. Maybe, but no, you’ll never find him. "

“He’s over there?” Xiao Ao Shuang asked subconsciously.

The Heavenly King only smiled faintly, not saying anything.

“I said I’d stay with you forever.” Feng Yi Xuan leaned close to Qi Ao Shuang. His voice was light but firm.

Leng Lingyun smiled and took a step forward.

Jin Yan’s resolute gaze didn’t need to be said, so Lily naturally moved closer to him. Everything goes without saying.

“Hurry up.” “It may be too late.” The Heavenly King said that.

“Let’s go, Ao Shuang.” “It’s time for the matter to come to an end.” Feng Yixuan said in a deep voice and took the initiative to lead the way.

Qi Ao Shuang’s expression changed. She wanted to stop Feng Yi Xuan, but Feng Yi Xuan’s figure had already disappeared into the passageway. The next one, Leng Lingyun, also followed. At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s heart sank, and a sinister voice sounded from behind her: “Stop pretending to be so nice.” Get in. The matter will soon come to an end. " After saying that, Qing Hua extended her hand to push Qi Aushuang aside. Qi Aushuang was caught off guard and was pushed into the tunnel by the force, as she threw herself into it in a sorry state.

Qinghua let out a cold snort, then followed after him.

Jin Yan’s expression darkened. Resisting his impulses, he followed without hesitation. Lily pulled Jin Yan to the corner of his clothes and chased after him.

Dittos was about to step forward as well, but the Heavenly King was somewhat taken aback. He asked, “You want to enter as well?” Why? You’re not after these trivial things, are you? "

Dittas paused for a moment, looked at the Heavenly King, and said softly, “Are you afraid of loneliness?”

The Heavenly King was stunned, as was Jonathan. When they came back to their senses, Dittas had already disappeared into the tunnel.

“Tch, Heavenly King, I’ll be leaving too.” It was the only human thing I’d known of Dittos in years. People were all afraid of loneliness. No matter how great a person’s achievements were or how powerful he was, he would still be lonely without anyone by his side. But Dittos, the silly bird, thought only of love. Actually, a cold and heartless person couldn’t be strong. One had to have feelings as a backer. Love, kinship, friendship. I think of this idiot as a friend, but he doesn’t seem to have one. " Jonathan was at a loss. He looked up at the king and asked, “King, in your eyes, is there only love?”

King Tian opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but found that he could not say a word. Lilly’s angry words had not left him speechless, but Jonathan’s words had left him at a loss as to what to say. Friendship? In the past, he seemed to have such a beautiful friendship, but he didn’t cherish it.

“I am not stepping into this passageway for the sake of Qi Ao Shuang.” I like her, but she doesn’t want me to follow her at the cost of my life. But that idiot Dittas, I can’t let him go. Jonathan smiled sadly, his eyes lonely. “You are the number one love, but friendship is number one in my world.”

Jonathan went into the passage without looking back.

It would have been a shock to know Jonathan and Dittas at this time. No one would have thought that Jonathan, venomous and outwardly dissolute, would be such a righteous man. The subject, however, still had only his own Dittos in his eyes. But that’s the way it is, human feelings are always so subtle. You are the most important person in a person’s life, but for that person, you may not matter. Life is full of drama and irony.

After Jonathan entered the tunnel, his vision went dark and his body felt as if it was stuck by a net. After struggling to get out of the net, his entire body relaxed. Then a blinding light flashed in front of him, and Jonathan instinctively put his hand under his eyebrows. When he got used to the light in front of him, he found a brand-new world in front of him.

Looking around, he saw endless fields, green and lush. It was quite a pleasant sight to see. Xiao Ao Shuang and the rest of his men were standing right in front of him. They were on a small hill with a huge green tree. The green tree was like a huge parasol, suddenly blooming on the mountain. No one seemed to have recovered enough to see what this place was.

“It’s a pure raw power, and it’s filled with this power.” Azureflower suddenly said.

“Ouch, where is this?” “The air is fine.” The sky also suddenly drilled out of Feng Yi Xuan’s body. After that, he jumped onto the tree and began to deeply breathe the air here. As for Jin Lian and Liu Li, they soon appeared. Although Jin Lian was still a little haggard, but the two of them couldn’t conceal the excitement and excitement on their faces. Clearly, this place was very unusual.

“Where is this?” Lily raised her head and looked at the blue sky without a trace of impurity, then looked at the boundless wilderness and asked in confusion.

No one could answer him.

Jonathan looked back. The passage was gone. However, he did not panic at all. Before he came in, his heart was already very clear.

Qi Ao Shuang looked over, and she was also puzzled.

“This is the dwelling place of the gods.” Suddenly, a voice rang in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind. This voice was exactly the same as hers, but it was filled with coldness and indifference.

It’s her! It was the goddess!

In an instant, Xiao Ao Shuang realised who was speaking to her.

“The god’s residence?” Xiao Ao Shuang murmured the words of the goddess.

“No wonder. I was wondering why this place is so full of raw and pure power.” “So this is the dwelling place of the world’s true gods.” Qing Hua’s eyes slightly darkened as she spoke in a low voice.

“The residences of the God of Father and the Goddess?!” Everyone immediately thought of this and their faces were filled with astonishment and disbelief.

This was actually the residence of the God of Father and the God of Mother? How did Camille set up such a channel?

“Camille, Camille …” Qi Ao Shuang suddenly had an ominous feeling in her heart.

Just as Xiao Ao Shuang mumbled Camil’s name in a low voice.

Camil, however, appeared in front of Qi Ao Shuang in an instant.

It was still that handsome and gentle smile, it was still that brilliant and dazzling golden hair, it was still that azure blue eyes that were as bright as gems.

Just like that, he appeared in front of Qi Ao Shuang with a big smile on his face.

“Camille!” Qi Ao Shuang shouted in surprise.

Camil, on the other hand, continued to smile. Gradually, the crowd realized that something was amiss.

The Camil that appeared before the crowd was not a physical entity, but an image. It was just a lifelike shadow.

“Ao Shuang, I’ve finally waited for you …” Camil spoke slowly, a gentle smile still on his face, but Qi Ao Shuang finally noticed.

Camille seemed very weak.