Volume 1

Chapter 319

Stunning Edge - C319

“Little Yue Ya!” Mishus carried the Moon King and rushed back to the main hall. The worry and anxiety in his eyes fell into the Moon King’s eyes.

“Mishus …” “Put me down.” King Yue struggled to say these words, “I’m running out of time.” “I, I have something to say to you …”

“No, how is that possible?” Something glinted in Mishus’ eyes. He also knew that the woman was the Winged King’s sister. She caused a huge ruckus when the Wings King was born. This was because she was indeed much more outstanding than the Winged King, but the one who became the Winged King was not her. She was indeed a rare genius, for it was a matter of great agitation. Later on, he worked hard to study Occupy and poison, and eventually, he disappeared into thin air and gradually disappeared out of people’s line of sight. Who would have thought that he would appear here today.

“My consciousness is about to dissipate …” Yue Wang’s face revealed a sad smile, “There are some things that I’ve always wanted to say to you, but I’m afraid that if I don’t say it this time, I’ll never wake up from my slumber, and I won’t have the chance to say them again …”

“Little Yue Ya!” Mishap and despair slowly filled Mishap’s heart.

Jin Yan and Lily stood to the side, watching as the wound on Duke Yue’s chest slowly healed. However, Duke Yue’s face became paler and paler.

At this time, Feng Yi Xuan and Qi Ao Shuang were still at the entrance of the main hall. Qi Ao Shuang looked at the pile of ashes on the ground and was unable to come back to her senses.

“Ao Shuang, you, what’s wrong?” Feng Yixuan asked softly.

Qi Ao Shuang slowly turned her head to look at Feng Yi Xuan, but her eyes were completely empty. Feng Yixuan’s heart trembled. He understood that something strange had happened to Qi Ao Shuang.

“How annoying, why haven’t we found him yet?” How long will it take? " Qi Ao Shuang’s cold voice rang out. She approached Feng Yi Xuan, then suddenly blossomed into a mesmerizing smile, “Quick, find him.”

“Who?” Feng Yixuan asked in a daze.

“You and he are mine.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled as she pinched Feng Yi Xuan’s chin. Suddenly, she frowned and said, “This way, when will we be able to find him?” “I’ve only been out for a short time.”

Feng Yixuan stared dumbly at the gorgeous Qi Ao Shuang, unable to say anything.

Qi Ao Shuang let go of Feng Yi Xuan’s chin and walked straight into the main hall to the Moon King and Mishus’ side.

Moon King was still struggling to speak to Mishus.

“Mezus, I just wanted to tell you in the end.” I love you. I loved you from the first time you saved me. " King Yue’s face became paler and paler. He could only feel his eyelids getting heavier and his consciousness becoming more and more indistinct.

These words were already shocking to the world. Jin Yan slightly raised his brows, but he didn’t have much of a reaction. Lily, however, covered her mouth in astonishment, staring at King Yue with her eyes wide open.

However, to everyone’s surprise, Mishus forced a smile. “I know, I know.” Do you think I really want to build a harem with beauty? “Secular eyes do not allow us to be together. If we were together, how much harm would it cause you …”

“Mishus …” Duke Yue’s eyes shone with joy.

“Yue Ya’er, I will definitely find the antidote for you!” Mishus grasped the Moon King’s hand and said passionately.

“I can’t wait for you to find the antidote.” Xiao Ao Shuang interrupted coldly, “Alright, look for him now!”

“What?” Mishus was stunned, as was Emmie and Lily. Feng Yixuan frowned slightly and stood to the side without saying a word.

Before Mishus could react, Qi Ao Shuang’s hand directly pressed onto the Moon King’s chest. In an instant, a dazzling flame entered the Moon King’s body, who frowned and screamed in pain.

“Qi Ao Shuang!” “What do you want to do?” Upon seeing this, Mishen was so shocked that he wanted to rush forward to stop Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang didn’t even turn her head. Her expression darkened. She was sent flying with a loud bang, crashing into the table and chairs behind her. The sounds of crashing and clattering could be heard incessantly.

Duke Yue’s pupils dilated. He wanted to say something, but a scorching pain burst out from within his body, making him almost unable to breathe.

Lily looked at the scene in front of her with some anxiety. She looked at Qi Ao Shuang before turning her head to look at Jin Yan. Jin Yan was indeed calm. Lily stopped saying yes and waited.

Feng Yixuan looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s back and felt conflicted.

Finally, Qi Ao Shuang withdrew her hand. She turned her head to look at Jin Yan coldly and said, “Hurry up and find him!” After Qi Aushuang said this, she slowly closed her eyes and no longer made any other movements.

“Ao Shuang!” Feng Yi Xuan hurriedly came forward to support Qi Ao Shuang.

At this time, King Yue also slowly sat up. He then looked at Mishus, who was grimacing in pain and unable to get up for a long time. He softly called out, “Mishus …”

“A crescent moon?” “You, are you alright?” Mishen looked at Duke Yue’s face in astonishment. Right now it was a little red, completely different from the paleness just now.

“It seems like I’m fine.” Yue Wang stood up, touching his chest with a frown, “Just now, there seemed to be a ball of fire burning within my body, I was in so much pain that I wanted to die.” But now it feels good, no, very good. "

“The poison has been detoxified?” Mezus struggled to his feet, his mouth wide open.

“Yes.” At this moment, Jin Yan indifferently said, “Wrap up your things and prepare to depart.” “This matter must be settled as soon as possible. Also, find that person!”

“Who?” “Who is it?” He grinned and got up. King Yue’s clothes were also puzzled. “Qi Aoshuang’s appearance is so abnormal. What exactly is going on with her?”

“Who is he?” “Who is she looking for?” asked Matthews, baring his teeth.

Jin Yan fell silent, not saying a word. Lily also looked curious.

“Leng Lingyun.” Feng Yixuan said these three words in a low voice. He did not know why, but he felt that the him that Qi Ao Shuang mentioned was Leng Lingyun. There was no mistake, it was Leng Lingyun.

Moon King and Mishus looked at each other, speechless.

Jin Yan walked over to Qi Ao Shuang and softly called out to her with her eyes closed, “Miss, Miss …”

“Huh?” Qi Ao Shuang raised her head as if she had just woken up from a dream and looked at the crowd, “What’s wrong?”

“Don’t you remember …” Before Lily could finish her words, she was stopped by Jin Yan’s gaze.

Looking at the strange looks in everyone’s eyes, Xiao Ao Shuang frowned as she thought about it, and said in a low voice: “Did, did I do something strange just now?”

No one said anything. Qi Ao Shuang looked towards Feng Yi Xuan, but he remained silent. However, he had already tacitly accepted it.

Qi Ao Shuang lowered her eyes, feeling a little depressed in her heart. At that moment, she suddenly froze. This was because she felt the strange power within her body slowly expanding! Qi Ao Shuang gently opened her hand, and her eyes slightly darkened. She concentrated, and a flame suddenly appeared on her palm. The red flame, just as she had seen it in her own dream.

This was a flame that belonged to her and was completely different from the fire that had gathered fire elements since she had arrived in this world! Such a thought suddenly appeared in Qi Ao Shuang’s mind.

Jin Yan called out, “Moon King, Mi Xiu King, we’ll set off after a short rest.” “That woman means that the new White King and King Yong are both with the Heavenly King. It seems that we can go find the Winged King directly to the Heavenly King.”

Moon King and Mishus looked at each other. The two of them first nodded their heads worriedly, then their faces reddened in silence.

Jin Yan didn’t pay any more attention to Moon King and Misius. Instead, he squatted in front of Qi Ao Shuang and said, “Miss, don’t think too much about it.” “I think when I find Leng Lingyun and Camil, there will be an answer.”

Looking at the resolute expression on Jin Yan’s face, Qi Ao Shuang nodded slightly.

Feng Yixuan simply clenched Qi Ao Shuang’s hand and didn’t say anything.

As they set off, Qi Ao Shuang remained silent as if she had something on her mind. Feng Yi Xuan silently stood beside him. Ember Yan and Lily walked in front while Moon King and Mishus walked in between them, a little awkward.

“Elder Brother Jin Yan, the Winged King’s castle has already moved to the Blue Sea.” Lily suddenly said.

“How do you know?” Jin Yan turned to look at the smiling Lily.

“Have you forgotten?” “I have this.” Lily playfully stretched out her palm, and there was a black line on her palm.

“Lily!” Upon seeing this, Jin Yan was alarmed. “You actually used your secret technique!” Are you crazy? “You’ll be dead if you have five black lines on your body!”

“What are you worried about? Look, isn’t that just one?” “There’s no need for the next four.” Lily giggled.

Jin Yan’s expression darkened. “When did you use it?”

“Last night.” Lily cracked her mouth and laughed.

“Does it still hurt?” Jin Yan asked with some concern.

“It doesn’t hurt. I had a night’s rest last night. It doesn’t hurt at all now.” Lily smiled brightly. In fact, only she knew that every time she used this secret skill, her eyeballs felt as if they were filled with steel needles, as if they were suffering from the pain of death. Her secret skill was to focus all of her power into her eyes. Her line of sight could reach over ten thousand miles away. This was the secret skill of their clan. The stronger a person was, the further away they would be from them. Lily was the best in her race, so she naturally saw the furthest. This secret skill could only be used five times in a lifetime. After using it five times, one’s eyes would explode and die. Therefore, most people would not use it five times.

“You’re not allowed to use it in the future.” Jin Yan seriously reminded her.

“Yeah, I will only use it for big brother Jin Yan.” Lily smiled brightly and agreed.

Jin Yan smiled before extending his hand to stroke Lili’s head. He turned around and said to everyone, “Let’s head straight for Bluesea. The Winged King’s castle is floating in Bluesea.”

Lillie touched her head, the warmth of Ember’s palm on it. She smiled sweetly and lowered her head.

“Oh, how do you know?” Moon King and Mishus asked in unison.

“Lily is from the distant clan. She saw it.” Ember explained briefly. Moon King and Mishus looked at each other.

"However, the Wings King really knows how to choose a place. “There is no human habitation in Bluesea. It is said that there is a mysterious creature living in the sea. It is very dangerous.” Duke Yue sighed.

“Tsk, that’s just a legend.” Mishus said disdainfully.

The group of men ran towards Bluesea. Mishus’ mount slowly flew through the air. No one noticed that just as they entered the sky above the blue sea, there was an undetectable throbbing feeling deep under the sea.