Volume 1

Chapter 323

Feng Yixuan uncontrollably hugged Qi Ao Shuang tightly in his embrace. “Ao Shuang, you are you.” How did you come to be an appendage? Don’t you remember when we first met? That’s the real you. “You won’t disappear. I won’t let you disappear.”

However, Qi Ao Shuang only had a desolate look on her face. Her eyes dimmed and she slowly raised her head to look at Feng Yi Xuan with a sad smile. “Like fire, you will eventually return with her …”

“No!” I am not fire, I am wind Yi Xuan, your wind Yi Xuan. From the beginning until now, I have never changed my mind! “Not in the future.” Feng Yixuan’s heart ached as he looked at Qi Ao Shuang’s desolate face. His heart hurt so much that he almost couldn’t breathe.

The man in white looked at the scene in front of him quietly, his eyes full of complicated emotions. As for the others, they were all extremely shocked, not knowing what to say.

Lily held onto the corner of Jin Yan’s clothes tightly, bitterness in her eyes. At this moment, her heart was filled with intense sorrow. Originally, she was very envious of Qi Ao Shuang, but now, she only felt deep sympathy for Qi Ao Shuang.

“Let’s go. Something is calling me from the depths of the ocean.” “Retrieve the power, and it will all be over.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled and said softly.

“No!” “I won’t allow it!” Feng Yixuan shook his head fiercely, hugging Qi Ao Shuang even tighter.

"Even if you don’t allow it, if you don’t do it, sooner or later it will happen. Your memories and those of ice will slowly recover. If you make me disappear with your own hands, why don’t I do it myself? " Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes were filled with sorrow as she said softly, “You are all hers …”

“No!” I don’t belong to anyone. I’m me. " Feng Yi Xuan grabbed Qi Ao Shuang’s shoulder and looked at her with shining eyes. “Ao Shuang, listen up. The person I love is you. It’s you!” Not the so-called god. I am not fire like, I am wind Yi Xuan. “Feng Yixuan, who will always be by your side!”

Qi Ao Shuang bit her lips as she stared into Yi Xuan’s bright eyes. She couldn’t say a word, but there were already some tears in the corner of her eyes.

The man in white’s gaze became deeper, but he didn’t say a word.

“Actually, there’s a way.” At this moment, Jin Yan suddenly spoke.

“What method?” Feng Yi Xuan immediately asked anxiously and anxiously when he heard Jin Yan’s words.

“There are two ways to prevent Miss’s will from being devoured. The first way is to fuse it.” Jin Yan said in a deep voice, “But this, is really too difficult.”

“What about the second method?” Feng Yixuan was on the verge of death when he heard Jin Yan’s words.

“That’s separation.” “To completely separate the will of the young lady from that of the goddess.” Jin Yan said affirmatively.

“This, can this work?” At this moment, King Yue asked curiously.

“We can’t do it, but there may be someone who can.” Jin Yan said in a deep voice.

“Camille!”

Several voices said in unison.

“He should be able to do it.” Jin Yan nodded. “Now we have to find Camil as soon as possible before the goddess awakens.”

“When the Winged King’s wounds are healed, let’s go to the Heavenly King’s castle.” Mishus looked at the Wings King, who had been unconscious on the bed, and said softly.

“Alright, let’s all go rest first.” King Yue said in agreement.

Everyone left the room in succession, with Feng Yixuan following closely behind Qi Ao Shuang. In the room there was only the white dress and the Winged King on the bed.

After closing the door, Bai Yi returned to the bed. He looked at the Wings King, who was still unconscious, expressionlessly.

“Ao Shuang …” After a long while, the man in white said those two words softly. Suddenly, Bai Yi reached out his right hand and tightly gripped the Winged King’s neck, using more and more force.

The Wings King’s face gradually turned red and became painful. Finally, she opened her eyes, stimulated by the pain of the outside world. Seeing the scene before him, he was scared out of his wits. Bai Yixue’s expression was cold and cruel as he tightly gripped her neck, causing her to nearly suffocate.

“Cough, cough …” “Bai … Bai Yi, stop! What are you doing …” The Wings King was terrified. He reached out with his hand, desperately trying to pry away the white clothes’ hand. However, the white clothes’ hand was like an iron band that tightly welded around her neck, unable to pry it open.

"Remember, don’t have any unorthodox thoughts. “And don’t even dream about attacking her.” At this moment, the eerie voice of Bai Yixue was like the voice of death, giving off a sense of oppression and suffocation that overflowed the heavens.

“You, who are you?” You. “White clothes?” The Winged King was extremely terrified. How could this person in front of his eyes be so unfamiliar? He didn’t seem like that gentle white robe from before at all.

“My name is not Bai Yi, but like ice.” A cold and charming smile appeared on the man in white’s face as he spoke each word in a low voice.

The Wings King’s pupils instantly enlarged, and his heart became even more alarmed. The man in white smiled coldly, but there was no emotion or warmth in his eyes. The current him and the him just now completely determined who they were. Previously, when he heard what Qi Ao Shuang said, his eyes were filled with puzzlement and bewilderment, but now, his eyes were no longer misty. It was now a profound and clear understanding.

“Cough, cough …” “Let go, let go of me …” Just as the Wings King was about to suffocate, Bai Yixue suddenly released his grip, and the Winged King was sent flying back to his original position.

“I warn you again, if you dare to do anything to her, I will make you wish you were dead.” Bai Yi’s face was cold. He flicked his finger, and the Winged King’s hand was frozen. The Wings King immediately felt that his right hand was completely devoid of any feeling, and at this moment, he could no longer feel the blood flowing into his right hand. The Winged King looked at his right hand in terror. Just when she thought her right hand was going to be crippled, the ice immediately disappeared. When the Winged King looked at the white clothes once more, there was no longer a figure in white in the room.

The Wings King leaned back against the headboard with lingering fear, looking at his right hand. His mind kept replaying the scene of his encounter with the white robes. He felt as if his white clothes had suddenly changed into a completely different person. It was so unfamiliar and terrifying. Or was this the true face of the man in white? The Wings King felt his scalp go numb, and his heart was no longer as soft as it was for his white clothes, only fear remained.

Bai Yi stood quietly by the corridor, the wind blowing against his face. His eyes were deep and profound.

“Like ice …” A soft voice reached the ears of the white clothed person. His eyes darkened slightly as he slowly turned around to face the grave faced Jin Yan.

“So you had already thought of everything.” He also remembered that you’re Leng Lingyun, and that you look even more like ice …. Jin Yan’s voice was low. It was faint, but it contained an irrefutable affirmation.

“You’re always so sensitive and annoying.” The man in white raised his head slightly and sneered.

“Is that what you really look like?” Jin Yan narrowed his eyes slightly as he asked faintly.

"Those who are too smart will not live for long. “Jin Yan, you must remember this.” With a smile, Bai Yi strode past Jin Yan and left.

Jin Yan turned his head to look at the departing figure in white. His heart was filled with indescribable complex emotions.

After a few days, the Winged King’s wounds were almost healed. Everyone decided to head to the Heavenly King’s castle. Qi Ao Shuang remained silent, her spirit very weak. As for Feng Yi Xuan, he was always silently accompanying her. White robes had always been by the Wings King’s side, but his eyes would occasionally glance in the direction of Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan.

The back of Mishus’ mount was very spacious. Even with so many people on it, it still looked empty. The surface of the sea was very calm. The wind gently blew across everyone’s face, bringing with it a faint salty taste. There were no seabirds flying in the sky, no clouds.

Mishnu’s mount hovered over the sea steadily, then began to fly in the direction of the Heavenly King’s castle. Everyone was silent as they all had their own thoughts.

After flying for a while, the strange phenomenon suddenly appeared.

“Sea breeze blowing, sea wind blowing …. Who are you missing ….”

That melodious and melodious voice suddenly came from the surface of the sea. It was the voice of the Sea race.

Wordlessly, carefreely, joyfully, without sadness …

“Let’s go!” Jin Yan’s expression darkened as he shouted in a low voice.

Lily’s face changed. She had only heard this song last night, so she naturally knew how powerful it was.

However, the singing gradually changed from one voice to several voices, and then more and more. The number of people in the sea were constantly increasing, and the sound was getting louder and louder. This sound seemed to be surrounding them.

The Winged King’s face was filled with surprise. She understood Bluesea’s situation the best among them. The Sea race members of the Azure Sea had always been aloof from worldly affairs. They would always quietly lurk in the sea. Occasionally, there would be people of the Seafolk who could no longer endure the lonely singing, but that was only one person. Today, it was actually so strange. There are so many Seafolk singing. They were all coming towards him. They said they were encircling him, but it seemed like they were trying to hold him back. They seemed to be holding something back.

“Qinghua…” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes gradually became misty. She slowly stood up and walked to the edge of her mount.

“Ao Shuang, come back!” Feng Yixuan reached out his hand to pull Qi Aushuang away. He then extended his hand into the air and a metallic sound rang out. In mid-air, a wall of ice forcefully blocked Feng Yixuan’s hand. Feng Yixuan turned his head in shock and saw that white-clothed man’s face was cold. It was him who had just done this.

“Leng Lingyun?!” Feng Yixuan’s heart sank when he saw Bai Yixue’s cold expression. A bad premonition welled up in his heart. “You … recovered your memories?”

The man in white revealed a strange smile. He ignored Feng Yi Xuan and looked up at Qi Ao Shuang. Clearly, this action of his had already tacitly allowed him to recover his memories.

With a cry of surprise from Lily, Feng Yi Xuan turned his head and saw Qi Ao Shuang with a serene expression on her face. She opened her arms and slowly fell forward, falling straight towards the surface of the sea.

The others on the mounts moved as well. Jin Yan and Feng Yixuan were the first to move, immediately wanting to follow. However, at this time, Leng Lingyun did something no one would have thought of. With a light tap of his toes, he moved away from the horse. His palms were clasped in front of his chest, and a wave of cold air engulfed them, freezing them all. All of them froze into large chunks of ice, landing on their mounts without being able to move.

Leng Lingyun gave a strange smile before following Qi Ao Shuang into the sea without looking back.