Volume 1

Chapter 322

Stunning Edge - C322

Looking at the grave expression on Jin Yan’s face, Lily couldn’t help but be worried, “Then isn’t elder sister Ao Shuang very dangerous?”

Jin Yan didn’t say anything, but the worry on his face explained everything. Jin Yan slowly raised his head to look at the starry sky before letting out a long sigh. I hope everything will be all right. If Camille is here, he’ll have a way.

At that moment, a melodious voice drifted over from the distance. “The sea breeze blows, the sea breeze blows. Who are you missing …”

“Eh!” “Elder Brother Jin Yan, they’re from the Sea race. Why are they singing at this time?” As soon as Lily heard the melodious song, her spirits lifted, she turned to look at the sea, wanting to see where the singers were, but seeing only the vast sea.

“This song …” Jin Yan frowned slightly as he thought about it.

“This song is free of joy or sorrow. Seafolk usually don’t appear.” And they don’t sing easily. “Their songs can temporarily make people forget all their worries and joy, making people, how should they put it, feel like they can return to their most primitive state.” Lili pricked up her ears and listened, her eyes gradually becoming misty. She muttered softly, “Elder brother Jin Yan, I seem to have seen my mother …”

“Lily!” To Jin Yan’s surprise, he discovered that his mind was in a trance as he hurriedly cried out in a stern voice.

“Oh, no, no!” Lily shook her head vigorously, then patted her chest with lingering fear, “Those with a deep past cannot listen.” “Damn it…”

Just as Lily finished speaking, Jin Yan’s expression changed as he dashed into the castle. He suddenly had a bad feeling about this. When Lily saw him, she hurriedly followed him and worriedly called out from behind, “Brother Jin Yan, what’s wrong?” “What happened?”

Jin Yan didn’t have the time to reply to her. Instead, he quickened his pace towards the bedroom where Qi Aushuang was resting.

Just as he stepped into the corridor, a terrifying wave of cold air hit him, causing him to shiver uncontrollably. The source of the cold energy was from Qi Ao Shuang’s bedroom. Jin Yan sprinted forward. The door was open, but when he stood at the entrance and looked inside, he was stunned.

The room was frozen everywhere, the room shimmered with cold, the floor was thick with ice, and the ceiling was a jagged icicle. The temperature in the room was terrifyingly cold. Feng Yixuan’s face turned green from the cold, but he stubbornly stood beside the bed. On the bed, Qi Ao Shuang laid there quietly. However, the skin on his face and body was so white that it was almost transparent. She was surrounded by a thick layer of ice.

“What’s going on?” Jin Yan stepped into the room as a heart wrenching chill entered from the bottom of his foot, chilling his heart. This was absolutely the kind of pain and suffering an ordinary person could endure. Jin Yan’s expression instantly changed to the side. He turned his head and shouted to Lily who was just about to follow him in, “Don’t come in, just stand there!” Stunned, Lily stopped and stood obediently by the door.

“Young Master Feng, what … what is going on?” Even Jin Yan felt that his tongue was a little disobedient. The clothes on his body actually began to make a slight crashing sound as the clothes slowly started to freeze!

“No, I don’t know.” Even Feng Yixuan’s neck was stiff from the cold. He couldn’t even move his head when he spoke.

“Miss’s physique is of the fire attribute, how can this be?” Jin Yan asked with a frown. His heart, however, was filled with incomparable worry.

“Achoo!” “Achoo!” A small, immature voice suddenly sounded in the room, and then Liu-Li appeared. With one hand, she tugged at the foot of the unconscious Golden Lotus. Without another word, he dragged Red Lotus out of the bedroom.

“Liu-Li!” Feng Yixuan and Jin Yan exclaimed at the same time.

“Achoo, Achoo ~” Liu Li constantly sneezed. She didn’t immediately pay attention to the two and dragged Golden Lotus out of the room. Only then did she turn her head and say to Feng Yi Xuan and Jin Yan, “Granny’s body suddenly feels very cold. It’s completely different from before.” “The golden lotuses can’t take it anymore. They’re about to die from the cold.”

Jin Yan and Feng Yi Xuan looked at each other and saw astonishment in each other’s eyes. Why did Qi Ao Shuang’s physique change to such a state in an instant?

The Seafolk gradually stopped singing. On the bed, Qi Ao Shuang slowly opened her eyes and slowly sat up. Her eyes slightly shifted as she looked in his direction.

“Ao Shuang …”

“Miss …”

The two of them spoke hesitantly, but Qi Ao Shuang only glanced at them coldly, not saying a word. He immediately turned his head to look outside the window, and his eyes turned cold.

“Ao Shuang, what’s wrong?” Feng Yixuan frowned, his heart filled with endless worry.

“It’s time to take it back …” Qi Ao Shuang slowly stood up and stood on the ground barefooted. She looked at Jin Yan and Feng Yi Xuan and smiled faintly. “You’ve all worked hard.”

Feng Yixuan and Jin Yan were even more doubtful.

“Like fire, haven’t you thought of it yet?” A cold smile appeared on Qi Ao Shuang’s beautiful face. She reached out a finger to hook onto Feng Yi Xuan’s chin. “Flame-like, this is your real name.”

Jin Yan was stunned. Lily and Liu Li, who were standing at the entrance, were also stunned.

Feng Yixuan frowned, his eyes filled with doubt.

"Let’s go and get back my power and finish this. “Those who owe me, I will definitely get back at you!” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes instantly turned ice-cold, without a shred of warmth in her eyes. A vicious glint gradually appeared in his eyes, expanding.

At this moment, everyone had the same illusion. It was like the arrival of death and the return of the devil!

Qi Ao Shuang walked barefooted on the ice, passing by Jin Yan and Feng Yi Xuan who hadn’t recovered their wits. She directly left the room and headed towards the Winged King’s bedroom. Inside the Winged King’s bedroom, the white-clad and Moon King, Misius, were taking care of the heavily injured Winged King. The three of them had different expressions, and it was unknown what they were thinking about.

“Like ice …” Qi Ao Shuang appeared silently at the door, spitting out two words.

Her voice was very soft, yet it violently smashed into the heart of the man in white.

The man in white lifted his head to look at the door, and Xiao Ao Shuang stood there silently.

She wore a snow-white dress, and her long, supple black hair was trailing on the ground. Her snow-white skin and jet-black hair formed a powerful visual impact. She was like a painting, but at the same time, she was also like a sculpture. Her beauty was indescribable with words.

“Ru Bing, have you forgotten about the past as well?” There was a hint of loneliness in Qi Ao Shuang’s cold voice.

“Ao Shuang?” Bai Yixue was taken aback as he asked hesitantly.

“Your real name is like ice.” Qi Ao Shuang slowly stepped forward and gently caressed the face of the man in white. Her eyes were misty as she murmured, “You and Ru Huo are my favorite, you two are my everything …” … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …

“What?” “Ao Shuang, what are you talking about?” The white-robed man felt even more puzzled and uneasy.

Feng Yixuan stood at the door, his heart sinking. What exactly this feeling was, he couldn’t tell.

“Go to the depths of the sea,” he murmured. “Go to the deepest parts of the sea, and retrieve my power ….” Everything will end. " Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes became more and more lax. After she said this sentence, she gradually lowered her head, and her voice also became softer and softer.

“Ao Shuang?” The man in white extended his hand to gently hold the soft hand that was touching his face. It was cold.

“White clothes.” In the next moment, Qi Ao Shuang raised her head abruptly, her eyes clear and bright.

“Ao Shuang, you …” The man in white frowned, puzzled.

“So that’s how it is…” Qi Ao Shuang was not confused this time. She lowered her gaze and turned around to look at Feng Yi Xuan and Jin Yan. She softly said, “I have been able to see it ever since I injured the Wings King, but I was unable to stop it.” “I know all about it…” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice trembled, her expression was lonely and sad.

“Ao Shuang!” Feng Yixuan suddenly began to panic. Why did he suddenly feel as if the Ao Shuang in front of him was about to disappear? In the blink of an eye, he would lose Qi Ao Shuang, and he would never be able to see her again.

“Like fire…” As cold as ice …. Qi Ao Shuang laughed softly, but her smile was so heartbroken, so weak.

“Ao Shuang!” When Feng Yixuan saw Qi Ao Shuang’s smile, his heart ached. He didn’t say anything else and abruptly stepped forward to hug Qi Ao Shuang, hugging her tightly in his arms.

“What is going on?” King Yue frowned with a serious expression.

“I’ll tell you a story, and you’ll understand.” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice was faint, carrying a hint of sadness.

“In a distant place, there is a goddess. She is so strong and bloodthirsty that all the gods in that place are no match for her.” No one dares to provoke her. " Qi Ao Shuang gently broke away from Feng Yi Xuan’s embrace and murmured, “She calls the wind and calls the rain, and comes and goes as she will.” She can control the hottest flame in the world, and she can also control the coldest ice and snow in the world. "

Qi Ao Shuang’s voice was soft, but everyone clearly heard it.

"The lotus flower that she doted on the most was the parallel lotus. One was red and the other was white. The red lotus flower was named fire and the white lotus flower was named ice. This juxtaposed Tirian was all she had, and she doted on it to an unprecedented degree. She had only one tear in her life, and that tear had been watered to this and to Tirian. But one day Tirian would not disappear. She was gone. She was angry, burned to death, burned to death. Thus, he had finally violated the might of the heavens and was demoted to the mortal realm. She ended her life ahead of time, and the god she used to work with managed to send her to another world. “That world is the Ceylon Continent …” Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes gradually became hazy, but a few tears flashed in her eyes.

The room was terrifyingly quiet. No one spoke, only the uneven sound of breathing.

Everything was obvious …

Jin Yan’s expression was complicated. His white clothes and Feng Yi Xuan were stunned and absent-minded. Moon King, Mishus and Lily were both confused and surprised.

“Now that she’s awoken, I’m going to disappear …” Qi Ao Shuang revealed a sad smile, “Everything is her.” All her. I’m just a born will. " Power, body, and even love were all that person’s …

“No!” After hearing what Qi Ao Shuang said, Feng Yi Xuan let out a violent shout and once again pulled Qi Ao Shuang into his embrace. He lost control and cried out in pain, “No!” Ao Shuang, you are you! You are unique, no one can make you disappear, I forbid it! I won’t allow it! I like you, it’s you! “No one else!”