Volume 1

Chapter 332

Stunning Edge - C332 - The End

“Like fire!” Like fire! “You actually betrayed me so thoroughly!” Without waiting for Qi Ao Shuang to speak, Qing Hua roared out like a madman, and after gathering her power, she leaped into the air, pushing out the power in her hand towards Qi Ao Shuang.

Qi Ao Shuang’s face was calm as she leaped up, trying her best to withstand this terrifying power.

In an instant, a loud explosion rang out, shaking the earth and shaking the earth. A powerful light burst out from Qi Ao Shuang’s body, spreading out in all directions. Everything was submerged in this intense light, and everyone’s eyes were blinded by this light.

The ground began to shake violently, and the sky seemed to disintegrate.

The sky and the earth were spinning …

Everything seemed to be on the verge of destruction …

Is the dust settled?

Everyone felt like they were floating and their consciousness was drifting.

“You crazy woman. You will destroy all the planes in this world. You will collapse from here on out …” The God of Father’s voice was filled with resentment and a hint of helplessness.

Would the entire world be destroyed?

Qi Ao Shuang also felt that her body was about to disappear, and everything was about to fade away. It wasn’t just her. The others felt the same.

Blue Flower’s eyes were half closed, his eyes filled with a deathly stillness. Destroy, destroy everything was good too. So, I didn’t have anything. I thought the things I had didn’t belong to me in the end.

It was a good thing to just disappear like this …

Qing Hua’s entire body began to emit a white light. This light continued to spread out in all directions, causing the surrounding area to collapse even more violently. At the same time, Qing Hua’s aura also began to slowly weaken.

She’s killing herself!

Everything was drifting.

The god continued to hug the goddess, his eyes filled with grief.

Will all this vanish into thin air?

Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness also became more and more fuzzy, but she could faintly feel her hand being held tightly by a warm big hand. It was a very warm hand, a very familiar feeling. It was Feng Yixuan, the Feng Yi Xuan who had never left. It’s him! Xiao Ao Shuang’s heart gradually calmed down. With him by his side, death didn’t seem to be a scary thing. However, would his friends in the Silan Continent disappear together with him? Qi Ao Shuang’s heart was filled with unwillingness and worry … But there was nothing he could do now.

Leng Lingyun closed her eyes and slightly frowned. Things ended like this, but he didn’t have the power to change anything. Her strength was as shocking as ever, and her manner of handling things was as incomprehensible as ever. However, why did he feel her aura slowly weakening, and his heart was filled with intense sorrow?

Lily pulled on the corner of Jin Yan’s clothes, her consciousness gradually becoming blurry. From start to finish, Jin Yan carried Camil on his back, unable to open his eyes no matter what. In his blur, Jonathan felt a pair of big hands tugging at his arms. Jin Lian and Liu Li also floated in the air, unable to control their own bodies.

The world was collapsing faster and faster, and everything would be destroyed …

Suddenly, a gentle ray of light descended from the sky.

The collapsing world instantly stopped, and everything quieted down. The huge rocks on the ground slowly descended, forming a flat ground once again. The wilted flowers grew again, and the sky gradually became brighter, and the air also became fresher.

Everything was gradually returning to normal, and everyone’s consciousness was gradually becoming clearer.

After everyone stood still, they discovered that everything seemed to have returned to how it was before.

What was going on?

“Jiuming, you’re being willful again …” A gentle voice came from the horizon, but it also seemed to be right beside his ears. This voice seemed to have a calming power, calming the hearts of the crowd.

“Mother, Mother!” The god looked up at the sky in shock. It was the Chief Mother! Ever since the Chief Mother had created him and the Mother God, she had never shown herself again. Today, she had actually appeared here. Who was the matriarch talking to? The Netherworld? Was it that crazy woman?

“Mother …” A tear seeped out from the corner of “Blue and White Flowers” 'eyes. It flickered, but did not fall for a long time.

"It’s been so long. You still don’t understand what true love is. “How can I not worry about you?” The gentle voice in the sky gradually approached and the image of a person slowly appeared in the sky. Her benevolent and beautiful face exuded a motherly glow. Her black hair and delicate figure made her lower body a little blurry. It was as if she did not have legs, but rather a very long snake tail. However, this kind of appearance did not seem abrupt at all. Instead, it gave people the feeling of reverence.

"You go where you’re supposed to go. Maybe it’s my fault. This time, I will not seal your memories, but I will seal your power. When you know what love is, your strength will recover. “Go on …” The Mother’s gentle voice sounded again.

“Mother, I …” “Viridescent Flower” wanted to say something, but hesitated. His mind was in a state of chaos.

"You were too willful, and this time you almost destroyed the world. “Go ahead.” After the matriarch said this, a black whirlpool immediately appeared behind “Blue Flower”. Before “Blue Flower” could say anything, she fell into it. With a long shout, she fell into the whirlpool without a sound.

At this time, Leng Lingyun rushed to the black whirlpool. She turned her head and looked at Lingshuang and Feng Yixuan. She smiled and said, “Feng Yixuan, remember, make Lingyun happy.”

Before the crowd could react, he had already dove into the black vortex and followed the ‘azure flower’.

Things happened too fast, and everyone was still in a daze.

“You, this is the end of it. Go on.” The Matriarch said those words to Xiao Aoshuang gently. As soon as he said those words, the sight before them blurred. Opening his eyes, he found himself standing in a familiar spot. This place was actually the secret chamber of the Feng Yi Family!

All of them were here.

Feng Yi Xuan, who was still tightly holding Qi Ao Shuang’s hand, carried Camil’s Jin Yan on his back and pulled Jin Yan’s Lily along by the sleeve. Dittos, who was holding Jonathan’s arm, was lying unconscious on the floor with Golden Lotus and Glass.

“Lingyun, he …” Qi Ao Shuang opened her mouth and said a few words hoarsely.

"He’s a good old man, always has been. He always appeared cold and emotionless, but in reality, he was very soft-hearted. In the end, he still couldn’t let the Nine Netherworld follow him. Feng Yixuan sighed softly.

Qi Ao Shuang went silent, her heart in chaos. She did not know what to say. What had just happened was unbelievable. The Chief Goddess had actually appeared and quelled the battle. And the Mother God’s relationship with her seemed very unusual. It was obvious that there was a lot of love involved. Was her real name Nine Nether? The names are so sad. In fact, she was lonely and lonely. Even until now, she still didn’t understand what love was. To think of possession is love. Where was she now? As for Leng Lingyun, was she staying by her side to guard her?

“However, it’s best that the matter be settled like this, isn’t it?” Jonathan grinned. “Here, where is it?”

“It’s my house.” Although Feng Yixuan seemed calm as he spat out these three words, his voice still contained a slight tremble to it, and his heart was also incomparably excited. After experiencing so many things, he never thought that he would be able to return to the continent safely. Those days in his dreams were right in front of him! Feng Yixuan felt as if he were in a dream.

Everyone was in a daze. What had just happened was too unexpected. Everything had happened too quickly. The Chief Mother would actually appear to solve all of this…

“We’re home!” “Ao Shuang, we’re going home!” Feng Yixuan, who had finally regained his wits, shouted out loud in excitement as he carried Qi Ao Shuang in his arms. “Ao Shuang, we’re really back!”

“En, I’m back, I’m back …” Qi Ao Shuang’s heart was extremely complicated, and tears were slowly rolling down her face. Some were happy, some were excited, some were sad, some were disappointed, and some were reminiscing …

After experiencing so many things, Qi Ao Shuang had never thought that she could still return to the Silan Continent. She could even return with Feng Yi Xuan to meet her friend, master …

Only Lingyun left just like that. Thinking of this, Qi Ao Shuang looked a little disappointed.

Feng Yixuan let go of Qi Ao Shuang and hugged her tightly. Feng Yixuan gently closed his eyes, and in his heart, he softly spat out: “Flame-like, thank you.” He knew that the first choice Leng Lingyun had was to not let the Nine Nether Realm go, but also to help himself and Qi Ao Shuang.

I won’t let you down, I will definitely make you the happiest person.

Feng Yixuan swore silently in his heart.

….

Suddenly, the sound of hurried footsteps rang out.

Feng Yixuan let go of Qi Ao Shuang and revealed a smile. He was too familiar with this footstep. It was the mother tyrannosaurus rex’s mother!

His mother finally sensed the presence of so many people in the secret room.

With a “Peng” sound, he opened the door and his mother was completely stunned on the spot.

In the secret room, the person who had been thinking day and night was there. Feng Yi Xuan bared his teeth as he laughed. His hand was tightly holding onto Qi Ao Shuang’s hand. Beside them, Jin Yan carried a young man who was still unconscious. A girl pulled on the corner of Jin Yan’s clothes. There were a pair of delicate girls and boys on the floor, and two distinguished men.

Dream?

Was it a dream? The tyrannosaur reached out to pinch her face.

“Mom!” However, Feng Yixuan threw himself forward and hugged the mother tightly. “I’m not dreaming, I’m really back!” “I’m back!”

“It’s not a dream, it’s not a dream!” “Haha, it’s not a dream!” Mother Baolong’s mother laughed loudly before crying again. She stretched out her hand and slapped Feng Yixuan on his back. “You stinking brat, you bastard. You’re leaving just like that. You don’t want to explain yourself to your mother.” I thought you’d never come back, hateful, hateful! “Bastard!”

“Haha, Mom, not only have I returned, I’ve also brought my wife back.” Feng Yixuan released his mother and pulled Qi Ao Shuang over.

Qi Ao Shuang was startled, and before she could recover, she was fiercely hugged by mother tyrannosaurus dragon mother.

“You’re finally back. I have nightmares every day. I thought you weren’t coming back.” Mother Baolong’s mother was no longer as domineering as she used to be. She was now a delicate mother. She hugged Qi Ao Shuang tightly as she sobbed uncontrollably.

Qi Ao Shuang’s eyes also became a little sad.

I wonder how Laxia is doing now, the only one worthy of my concern, the only sister.

I’m back, I’m really back…

The next day.

The Feng Clan.

“You’re leaving?” Originally, Feng Yixuan and Qi Ao Shuang were sitting in the garden, drinking tea and resting. Suddenly, Dittas and Jonathan came before them to say their goodbyes.

“Yes.” Although he was still expressionless, his tone was no longer as cold as before.

“Where to?” Xiao Ao Shuang stood up and asked.

“Accompany this ice cube to experience life and let it understand what love is.” Jonathan grinned and shrugged.

Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan looked at each other, smiled understandingly and nodded.

A trace of embarrassment flashed across Dittos’ eyes at this time. He had regained the cold look on his face.

“That’s fine.” But keep in touch. You must come back to the wedding between me and Ao Shuang. " Feng Yi Xuan grinned.

“Che, did I agree to marry you?” “You’re not afraid of biting your tongue when you talk to yourself.” Jonathan pursed his lips.

“Who says no?” If you don’t marry me, then marry you? “Go away!” Feng Yixuan snorted coldly. He wasn’t a fool. He had already seen the difference in the way Dittos looked at him. Jonathan was a little strange. He looked at himself with different eyes, but there was also something strange in the way he looked at Dittos. Could it be that this guy eats both men and women? Feng Yixuan guessed vulgarly in his mind.

“Hey!” “What kind of eyes do you have?!” Looking at the wretched expression on Feng Yixuan’s face, Jonathan knew that what he was thinking was not a good thing.

“Nothing, nothing. Go, go.” Anyway, when we get married, it will be announced to the world. Hahaha, you will definitely receive the news. Also! “Prepare the grand gift!” Feng Yi Xuan was laughing so hard that his eyes narrowed into slits.

“Tch!” Jonathan and Yi Xuan bickered.

Dylan stood at the side in silence, staring at Qi Ao Shuang.

“Dittos …” Xiao Ao Shuang said in a low voice.

"Soda, maybe you’re right. A strong person always needs a reason. “I will find out.” Diantz said in a deep voice. He looked at Xiao Ao Shuang with some sadness and sadness in his eyes.

“Alright.” Xiao Aushuang smiled faintly, “You will find it.” “Take care of your body.”

“Yes, you too.” At this moment, Dittos finally revealed a smile. Qi Ao Shuang was stunned when she saw this smile. Dittos smiled. To think that it would be such a stunning feat.

Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan sent the two of them to the door and watched as they got on the carriage. The carriage slowly drove away and gradually disappeared from their sight.

“That ice cube will know what love is?” Feng Yi Xuan stroked his chin as he pondered. Before Qi Ao Shuang could reply, he said, “It should be fine. He already knows how to laugh.” “Sigh, why don’t we hurry up and have the wedding ceremony? Why is my sense of danger so intense?”

Xiao Ao Shuang only smiled and didn’t say anything, turning around and walking back.

“Ao Shuang, don’t pretend you didn’t hear me.” We’re going to find the guys tomorrow, see them, then assemble! Come to our wedding! " Feng Yixuan chased closely behind, yelling.

A smile appeared on the corner of Qi Ao Shuang’s mouth, and his heart was filled with warmth.

Just as he reached the entrance of the main hall, he ran into Jin Yan and Lily.

“Miss, I’m going out with Lily.” When Jin Yan saw Qi Ao Shuang, he smiled and asked for instructions.

“Where to?” Do you want to go out and train as well? Do you need it? “Does this world still need your stuff?” Feng Yixuan rushed up from behind. He was worried to hear that these two were going to leave.

"No, I’m looking for Judy. Come back if you can. She should still be waiting for me there. " Jin Yan said softly.

Qi Ao Shuang was stunned. She immediately remembered that the young female dragon was not fully grown yet. I’m afraid he’s an adult by now. She had done a lot for Jin Yan.

“En, go.” “Be careful on the road.” Qi Ao Shuang nodded, feeling guilty in her heart, blaming herself for not having thought of this. She should have let Emmie find Judy right away. I don’t know how Laxia is doing, but I’ve already sent someone to fetch her, and she should be back in a few days. Their existence had already destroyed the order of this world, so Qi Ao Shuang had clearly made it so that no one could use power that exceeded that of this world. Everyone had reached an agreement.

Jin Yan and Lily left together. Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan looked at each other. Qi Ao Shuang sighed, “Why is Camil still not awake?”

“Don’t worry, his condition is fine. He will wake up very soon.” “Nothing will happen to him, because he is Camil.”

Qi Ao Shuang nodded gently, her brow creased in worry.

“Goldlotus, stop right there!” “What are you running for?” Liu-Li’s voice came from inside, causing a commotion.

“Why don’t I run?” “I told you, we’re still children, we can’t do things that only adults can do!” A somewhat angry and bashful voice came from the golden lotus.

“Nonsense!” I am hundreds of years old this year, a child on the outside, but I am no longer a child in my heart! " Liu Li scolded.

“I’m a child!” Golden Lotus was on the verge of tears.

“I’ll call you no child right now!” Liu Li’s voice came viciously.

“Ah …”

And then there was nothing. "

Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan looked at each other and smiled. Their eyes were filled with happiness.

“Tomorrow, we’ll go look for the dungeon. It’s best if he finds it within the dragon’s vein.” Feng Yixuan suggested, then he giggled and said, "Actually, Ao Shuang, after we find this dungeon, announce to the world that we’re going to get married and do whatever we want. The news will quickly reach other people’s ears. “We’ll do it for three months, haha.”

Qi Ao Shuang looked at him, then Feng Yi Xuan held his head, thinking that he was going to be scolded again.

Who knew that Xiao Ao Shuang actually laughed sweetly, “This is a good idea.”

"Yes, a most luxurious, grand, and enduring wedding. All our friends. Those guys will definitely get the news. " Feng Yixuan happily said, “How can those flying Dragon Clan fellows not make use of me?” “Let’s go to the dragon’s vein, then find Ben and let him spread the news.”

Qi Ao Shuang smiled, but she did not say anything, tacitly agreeing.

The next day, Feng Yi Xuan and Qi Ao Shuang left early in the morning and headed straight for the dragon’s vein.

At the entrance of the dragon’s vein, the guard dragon felt its vision blurred and a breeze blew past. He didn’t even notice that Qi Ao Shuang and Feng Yi Xuan had already entered the dragon’s vein.

Entering the dragon’s vein, the two of them saw the beautiful white palace at first glance. However, there was something strange about it. The palace was noisy, and the human figures seemed to be busy with something. As they flew closer and closer, they saw the dragons in human form. All of them were in a panic, their faces full of worry and nervousness. Some of the maidservants were carrying hot water while others were carrying towels as they sprinted in one direction.

The two of them landed lightly on the side. Those people were too flustered to notice that there were more people in the corridor.

“What are you doing?” Feng Yixuan grabbed a person and asked.

“You actually still have the heart to ask, do you really not know or are you pretending?” The princess was about to give birth, but it was going to be difficult to give birth to! “Princess’s life is in danger.” The maid said in a panic and was about to rush over.

“Wait, Princess?” “Summer?” Qi Ao Shuang instantly thought of what was going on.

“How dare you call the princess by her name, ah, who are you?” Someone, someone, there’s an assassin … The maid shouted in panic. Without waiting for her to finish yelling, Feng Yixuan tossed her aside. Qi Ao Shuang frowned, and quickly ran towards the direction where the people had gathered. Feng Yixuan quickly followed.

The dragon clan members recovered from their shock when they heard the female servants shout. They wanted to stop the two, but they were shocked to discover that the speed of these two people was so fast that they couldn’t even see them clearly, much less capture them.

Xiao Ao Shuang ran to the end of the corridor, and faintly heard the painful sounds of summer. Who else could it be other than Ben, who was scratching his heart and lungs at the door?

“This!” “What’s going on?” Xiao Ao Shuang said.

The Black Dragon turned to look at Xiao Aohan, then its face filled with ecstasy: “Ao Shuang, you’re back, ah, you’re here.” Summer, summer she has trouble giving birth, save her! You have a way, don’t you? “Isn’t it?”

“Why would it be difficult to give birth?” Xiao Ao Shuang frowned and asked. However, she did not stay idle and hurriedly pushed the door open.

“I, I knew it. I would never have let her have a baby.” The Black Dragon was extremely upset, grabbing at his hair at the door, his heart aching, “Could this be the legendary curse?” “Humans and dragons cannot be combined?”

“Don’t worry, Ao Shuang will definitely find a way.” Feng Yixuan comforted him.

Before the Black Dragon could say anything, a cry of surprise came from within: “What are you doing?” “Princess, Princess …”

“Shut up, get out of here. This is a broken stomach.” Qi Ao Shuang’s angry voice rang out, followed by a gust of wind rushing towards the door. The maids inside were all thrown out by Qi Ao Shuang.

The painful sounds of shenyin in the summer gradually died down. From inside, Xiao Ao Shuang shouted in a strange tone, “Ben, come in, the child has been born.”

“Huh?” Feng Yixuan was shocked. Shouldn’t this child cry after birth? Why is it so quiet?

Upon hearing this, the Black Dragon hurriedly rushed in. Looking at the extremely weak and weak summer lying on the bed, he saw the relieved Xiao Ao Shuang, as well as a huge white egg on the bed!

“May I come in?” Feng Yi Xuan stood at the door and looked around.

“Come in later.” Xiao Ao Shuang scolded, “This is the delivery room after all, it’s not bad for a father to come in here.”

Feng Yixuan waited outside the door, puzzled. He couldn’t figure out what was going on.

“Summer, you, are you all right?” Black Dragon was the first to rush to the bed, holding the summer hand and anxiously and worriedly asked.

“It’s fine. It’s all thanks to Ao Shuang. Otherwise, I would have …” But I, I seem to have had a strange thing. " Summer’s face worried.

“This, this is?” Only then did the Black Dragon turn its head and see the so called strange thing. Then, it began to stutter as it pointed at the ridiculously large egg on the bed and asked.

“Your children.” Qi Ao Shuang smirked as she said, “You are so skinny in the summer. It would be strange if you could bear such a big dragon egg.”

The Black Dragon stared wide-eyed at the huge dragon egg, scratching its head, then scratching its head, “This, what should we do now?”

Qi Ao Shuang rubbed her chin as she thought, “This is a human and a dragon child. The children in here cannot be compared to pure dragon children. This eggshell should use your power, otherwise it will suffocate to death.”

When the Black Dragon Ben heard this, its face turned green, and it hurriedly went up to knock on the eggshell. Summer panicked, too, and in spite of her weak body, she kept telling Ben to move faster.

At the same time, Xiao Ao Shuang furrowed her brow and pursed her lips as she said: “So this is the reason why humans and dragons cannot join hands.” “The egg is too big to bear…”

The Black Dragon had been pounding the floor and finally broke the eggshell. As soon as he broke through, a wet baby crawled out. It didn’t even open its eyes before grabbing onto the Black Dragon’s big hands. It was not like a human child that was born weak. Although the baby had its eyes closed, it still had the strength to tightly hold onto the Black Dragon’s hand. Seeing this, Black Dragon Ben and Summer let out a sigh of relief. It was alright, the child was fine. Then they were both full of joy, and at that moment they were both mothers and fathers. Just as Black Dragon Ben let out a sigh of relief and couldn’t begin to feel happy, the baby held onto Black Dragon’s hand and continued to climb upwards. As it climbed, it closed its eyes and continued to arch around with its mouth closed.

“What are you doing?” The Black Dragon looked curiously at his child’s actions.

Qi Ao Shuang spread out her hands and revealed a mischievous smile.

In the next moment, Black Dragon’s original miserable cries filled the entire room. The little baby arched before the Black Dragon’s chest, immediately grabbing onto its body and taking a deep breath. The Black Dragon’s face was distorted, but it did not dare to throw away its child. It opened its mouth wide and was at a loss of what to do. This scene almost made Qi Ao Shuang laugh to the point of internal injury.

“Give me the baby!” “Idiot!” The summer scolded, only then the Black Dragon Ben hurriedly gave the child in front of his chest to the summer. "

The sound of milk being fed echoed in the room. Summer was weak, but there was a smile of happiness on her face. Black Dragon rubbed his forehead and laughed foolishly. "

Qi Ao Shuang watched this scene as she quietly retreated outside. Feng Yi Xuan was still waiting at the door. When he saw Qi Ao Shuang come out, he hurriedly asked, “How is it?” How is it? A boy or a girl? "

“Boy.” Qi Ao Shuang replied with a smile. Then, she leaned against the side of Feng Yi Xuan and only smiled without saying a word.

“Ao Shuang, let’s have a baby.” Feng Yi Xuan chuckled. "

Qi Ao Shuang turned to look at Feng Yi Xuan and smiled. “Do you want a boy or a girl?”

“All of them.” When Feng Yixuan heard this, he was overjoyed. “We will continue to live after giving birth. We will continue to live after giving birth …”

A black line appeared on the back of Qi Ao Shuang’s head, she twitched her mouth and said: “You can give birth to your own life.”

“How can I give birth to my own child? No, we have to come together, together …” Feng Yixuan giggled.

Three months later, every corner of the continent knew.

In Ragka, there was a high-profile wedding. The main characters of the wedding were the people who overthrew the false rule of the Radiant Temple, Qi Ao Shuang (Ke Lei Ya) and Feng Yi Xuan.

This shocking wedding had alerted all the influential people on the continent.

The sky was filled with flowers that were like rain that filled the streets of Ragcardi. The intoxicating fragrance made people feel relaxed and happy. In the imperial city’s plaza, the wine was freely opened for drinking. Every day was filled with the clamor of people, and everyone was happy.

The wedding ceremony finally started. A snow-white wedding dress Qi Ao Shuang stood on the carriage. Behind her were layers upon layers of lace, adorned with all kinds of beautiful gems and feathers. Under the carriage, ten pairs of girls were holding onto the carriage’s skirt, led by Glass. Today, Qi Ao Shuang’s beauty broke one’s heart, and her beauty made it hard for people to look away. Feng Yi Xuan, who was standing beside Qi Ao Shuang, was wearing a suit that fit perfectly. He was in high spirits and was extraordinarily handsome. What a pair of peerless beauties. They were truly unparalleled in this world!

The man in charge of the wedding had bright blond hair, beautiful blue eyes like the deep sea, and wore a black dress. He stood at the highest point of the square and waited for the bride and groom to arrive. The corners of his mouth curved into a gentle, charming smile. Who else but Camille could smile like this?

Camille laughed as the bride and groom stood in front of Camille.

There was even a hubbub of voices below.

“My little Ao Shuang, a sheep entering a tiger’s den…” Waldo rubbed his eyes and wailed.

“Tch, this is called unparalleled.” Qiao Chu Xin glared at Waldo.

“What are you doing?” “You don’t even allow me to be hurt in this day and age?” Waldo protested sadly.

“No, if I’m not sure, I’m not sure!” “If you don’t accept it, I’ll beat you up later.” “I’m warning you, you’re no match for me. Be careful not to beat you up to the point that you don’t even recognize Ao Shuang.”

“You …” Waldo was so angry that he wanted to retort, but when he saw the threatening gaze of the Eastern Wind Marquis, he swallowed his words. He had wisely chosen not to provoke Qiao Chu’s interest. The Eastern Wind Marquis would do anything for his wife, it was best to be cautious.

“Wuu, wuu, my good disciple, I got married today …” Cliff was crying so hard that Raul, who was watching from the side, couldn’t stop pouting.

Dylan and Jonathan stood quietly below, looking at the snow-white Qi Ao Shuang.

“She’s beautiful today.” Jonathan smiled.

“Alright.” “Her smile. Very happy. That’s good.”

“Say, back then, did that ice-cold kid love more AoShuo Shuang or that crazy Goddess?” Jonathan touched his chin and suddenly said, “Why do I feel like the kid loves both of them?”

Dittos only smiled and did not speak, but continued to look up.

Black Dragon Ben hugged his precious son with one hand and his beloved wife with the other, grinning as he looked up. Summer gently laid her head on the Black Dragon’s chest, also smiling. “This … this … this … this … this … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is …”

Both of Jin Yan’s arms were occupied. On one side was a fiery-tempered and enchanting girl, while the other side was a pure girl. The hot and flirtatious lady was naturally the adult Judy, and the other was Lily. The two of them held one of Jin Yan’s arms and stared viciously at each other, not showing any sign of weakness. With a headache, Jin Yan smiled wryly as he watched the ceremony. He couldn’t stop them. As long as the two girls didn’t fight, he would leave it to them.

Laxia stood to the side excitedly, her heart brimming with joy. Next to her was a handsome young man who would occasionally look at her with a gentle gaze.

When the Elven princes came, Li Yuewen and Li Mingyu were excited and happy. Elder Sikong Lin, Long SARS, Xi Shaosi … All the royal members of the various kingdoms rushed over to fawn over the strong and win over the strong.

In this wedding ceremony, all the powerful warriors of the Xilan Continent had gathered here. They were all brilliant and dazzling, making it an eternal and splendid stroke in the history of the Xilan Continent.

“En, ok, the ceremony begins.” Camil’s voice was very soft, but it was clearly heard by everyone in the square. The plaza instantly turned silent.

The ceremony started. Camil, as the host, should start the first step of the ceremony. However, Camil, as the host, suddenly grabbed hold of Qi Ao Shuang’s hand and solemnly said, “Bride, Qi Ao Shuang, I want to ask you a question. Are you willing to abandon this silly kid and elope with me?”

Everyone was petrified as they looked at this scene in a daze. What did that host say? Abandon the groom? elope? What and what?

Qi Ao Shuang: “Hah?” Qi Ao Shuang was also stunned. Camille still had a gentle, elegant smile on his face.

“Go to hell!” Feng Yixuan was the first to regain his senses. He kicked Camil and Camil dodged. The two of them clashed.

“They’re robbing the bride!” Waldo let out a strange cry as he flew up into the air, flying towards the high platform.

This sound completely disturbed the scene.

“Seize it!”

“Quick, snatch the bride!” “So beautiful!”

“Protect the bride!”

“Protect your ass!” “Robbing the bridegroom, the bridegroom is so handsome.”

“Fight, fight for it!”

“Who cares? Let’s rob him together!”

….

In an instant, the square was in a complete mess. The clamor of voices rose up into the sky, and the atmosphere was extremely heated.

This grand wedding was the unparalleled beginning of the world, the unparalleled end.

Laughter resounded across the sky.

“Feng Yixuan, you XXXXXXxxxxx!” “It’s fine if the bride is not robbed, but from now on, you will give her to me when she is born.” It seemed to be Camille’s voice.

“Go to hell, you pervert.” Feng Yi Xuan cried out as he fought with Camil.

Qi Ao Shuang looked up into the sky. The sky was very blue, very blue …

His heart was very warm, very warm …

It felt good to be with everyone …