Volume 1

Chapter 331

Stunning Edge - C331

“Stop!” “Stop!” Suddenly, a thunderous shout exploded in the surroundings.

Yi Xuan? Qi Ao Shuang was stunned, her consciousness clearing up a little at this moment.

“Like fire?” “You’re awake.” There was a hint of surprise in Qinghua’s cold voice. However, there was some hesitation in Yi Xuan’s angry eyes. “You, what did you say?”

Feng Yi Xuan’s eyes were bloodshot. He looked up at Qing Hua with bloodshot eyes. Gritting his teeth, he enunciated each word clearly, “I said, tell you to stop!”

Qinghua’s face turned cold, her eyes narrowed, and she said solemnly: “You have recovered your memory, but you still want me to stop?” Are you and Ru Bing the same? “They all care so much about that substitute?!”

"She’s not a substitute. She’s her. “She’s Ao Shuang, no one can take her place, and she’s not your replacement!” Feng Yi Xuan’s body slowly began to move with difficulty. He slowly walked toward the blue and white flower. With an exceptionally firm voice, he said, “I love her. Do you understand?” “I love Ao Shuang.”

“Nonsense!” You can only love me, you are all mine! " Qing Hua shouted in anger.

"You don’t know what love is. “You’ve always had possession, just possession.” Feng Yixuan’s voice was low and deep, but there was an irresistible magic to it.

“Like fire!” What nonsense are you talking about! “I love you all, don’t you understand that I love you all so much that I would burn all living things to ashes if you disappeared!” Azureflower retorted angrily.

"No, love is the only thing. What you have for us is not love, we exist only as an object for you. You only possess us, and we do not love you. It’s just a respect for the master. " Feng Yixuan slowly said in a low voice, “Don’t you understand why we disappeared back then?”

Qing Hua was stunned as she stared blankly at Feng Yi Xuan.

Leng Lingyun heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. Luckily, even though Feng Yixuan had recovered some of his memories, he still hadn’t changed his mind. However, Leng Lingyun’s heart sank again. What would Feng Yixuan do when he said those words and objected to her? What would her personality do …

"That’s not love at all. I, don’t love you, I love the frost. Her strength, her frailty, her smile, all of it touched my heart, and she was the only one in it. No one can replace her. " Feng Yixuan clenched his fists and said coldly, “That’s why I told you to stop. Return her to me!”

“It’s not love. You said that I don’t love you all …” Qinghua muttered to herself first. Suddenly, her face changed. She looked at Feng Yi Xuan and sneered. “Return it to you?” Haha, return it to you? Do you think I’ll let her live again? "

“Return it to me!” Feng Yixuan was in a hurry to attack her heart. He raised his hand and released a blazing flame towards the blue and white flower.

Qinghua was stunned. She didn’t even dodge, instead standing there blankly, accepting this wave of attacks from Feng Yixuan. The ball of fiery flames hit onto Qing Hua’s body, but didn’t cause any damage. However, Qing Hua stared blankly at the enraged Feng Yi Xuan.

“You actually attacked me?” Qinghua stared at Feng Yixuan in a daze, her eyes filled with shock and disbelief. She mumbled, “You actually dared to attack me for her?”

Leng Lingyun’s heart sank as she sensed that something was wrong with Qinghua’s emotions.

“Ha ha-ha ha-ha ha…” “You actually attacked me for a substitute!” After laughing, he suddenly looked at Feng Yixuan, and his eyes revealed a vicious glint. With pain and anger, he shouted in a stern voice, “Since that’s the case, then die! Go accompany her!” Die together! It would disappear forever! Go to hell! “Go to hell!” Blue Flower’s face turned malevolent. Both of his hands that had gone out of control were clasped in front of his chest. He released countless sharp ice cones, and they were sharp as they shot towards Feng Yi Xuan.

Feng Yixuan drew a circle in the air with his right hand, then a huge round flame shield appeared in the air. Feng Yixuan abruptly pushed the round flame shield forward. The ice awl collided with the round flame shield, and after a series of ear-piercing sizzling sounds, the sharp ice awl pierced through Feng Yixuan’s body without any suspense. Blood gushed out and instantly dyed Feng Yixuan’s clothes red. Blood seeped out of the corner of Feng Yixuan’s mouth, but he did not care about that. Instead, he revealed a smile of relief.

Blueflower was first startled, her eyes flashing with an unbearable light. She opened her mouth to say something, but what Feng Yixuan said next made her even more angry.

“That’s fine, but dying is better than staying by your side.” In a sense, I’ll be in the same world as her. " Feng Yi Xuan sneered.

“Like fire!” It’s not as simple as dying. I will make you and her completely disappear! “Completely and utterly gone!” The rage of the azure flower was unstoppable like the eruption of a volcano. “This … this … this … this … this … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is …”

Leng Lingyun was shocked and wanted to stop him, but her throat felt like it was being strangled, and she couldn’t utter a single word. “This … this … this … this … this … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is … this is …”

“It doesn’t matter.” Feng Yi Xuan’s face was filled with a mocking sneer. Deep within his eyes was a deep sadness. Ao Shuang, has Ao Shuang disappeared just like that?

“Go to hell!” The cyan flower was infuriated, her entire body was emitting a bone-piercing cold air, and the cold air quickly spread out with her as the center, and then it quickly materialized with a naked eye, completely condensing into the skating ice cones that covered the sky and earth. The crashing sound of the ground exploding could be heard as the ground froze, and countless ice cones shot up into the sky. The surrounding flowers were instantly frozen and withered. The air in the entire world seemed as if it was frozen. It was bone-chilling cold. These attacks circled around Leng Lingyun.

“Stop …” Leng Lingyun struggled to say the two words. He knew that she had already lost control of herself. If this continued, not only would they be killed, even the entire world would be destroyed. The only ones he could avoid were her and him.

At this time, how could Qing Hua still listen to Leng Lingyun’s words? She frantically unleashed her power. A deep sense of betrayal almost completely engulfed her mind, and it was like a heart wrenching pain. The thought in her heart crazily occupied her thoughts. It was that her fiery temper had betrayed her, completely and utterly betrayed her.

Behind them, the magnificent palace began to shake as well. Soon, the god father came running out with the female god in his arms. With a darkened face, he yelled at Qing Hua, “Stop right there! This is not a place for you to behave atrociously.”

At this moment, how could the blue and white flowers still listen? The cold aura surrounding their bodies grew even more intense, rapidly spreading out and solidifying the surrounding air.

His father extended his hand and released a streak of white light, attacking the blue and white flowers. However, the white light completely dissipated before it could even approach the body of the blue and white flowers.

“It’s useless…” A look of despair slowly appeared in Leng Lingyun’s eyes. There was no one here who could be her match in rage. At this moment, the world and everyone in it would be completely destroyed.

The god frowned and looked down at the pale face of the goddess in his arms, but did not move away. If she left this place with the Goddess, the Goddess might not even be able to hold on for a moment.

Was he really going to die here today? Thinking up to here, his father reached out his hand to gently touch the Mother God’s face. At this moment, his heart calmed down instead. Holding the Mother God, he slowly sat down on the palace steps and looked at the scene before him indifferently. He had set up an Astral Academy in the chaosworld, and had his subordinates search for those who possessed almost pure energy in order to absorb their energy and maintain it for the Goddess. Now, it seemed as though he didn’t need to worry about anything at all. It might be a good thing to disappear with her, and it might be better to be free.

The god slowly closed his eyes and hugged the person in his arms tighter. His heart was calm as he waited for death.

Her lips were black, and she felt as if her blood was frozen. The others also felt the same way. Jonathan’s body was stiff from the cold as he looked at Dittos in front of him, trembling. Dittos tried to free himself from these, but it was useless. Just when everyone was almost unable to hold on any longer, the situation suddenly changed.

"You broke our agreement …

Just when the surrounding people had reached midnight, a soft voice with a hint of anger suddenly sounded.

This voice was something that everyone was familiar with.

It was Qi Ao Shuang.

“Ao Shuang?!” Feng Yixuan exclaimed in a low tone of joy. He widened his eyes to look at the blue and white flowers in front of him, but he still couldn’t see Ao Shuang’s figure. He couldn’t help but ask in panic, “Ao Shuang, you, where are you?”

“Damn woman!” Go to hell! “If it wasn’t for you, things wouldn’t have progressed to this stage!” The cyan flower roared in rage, extending its hand and patting its chest.

“The one who broke the agreement was you.” Qi Ao Shuang’s soft voice sounded faintly, and in the next instant, a scorching heat burst out from her body. The surrounding snow and ice melted in an instant, and the bone-piercing feeling vanished in an instant. Everyone was free to move.

“You, when did you have such power?” Qinghua looked at the scene in front of her with both shock and anger, and asked subconsciously.

“Just now.” Qi Ao Shuang’s voice was soft and low …

Slowly, a pained expression appeared on Qing Hua’s face. She hugged her head with all her might as she cried out in pain.

“Elder Brother Jin Yan, what’s going on?” Lily anxiously approached Jin Yan as she asked in a terrified voice.

“Ao Shuang, it seems like she’s going to leave her body.” Jin Yan was extremely nervous as he watched the reaction of Qing Hua without taking his eyes off her. He hoped that his guess was correct, and that it would succeed.

“Ah!” The blue and white flower faced the sky and issued a long and agonizing cry.

The next moment, under everyone’s astonished and delighted gazes, Qi Ao Shuang appeared once again. She stood silently in front of Qing Hua, looking at her coldly.

“Hahahaha, I never thought that you could be this strong.” A mocking sneer appeared on Qing Hua’s face. After stabilizing her body, she looked at Qi Ao Shuang with disdain. Even though Qi Ao Shuang was strong to this extent, she still wouldn’t place her in her eyes.

“Yes. Even though I can’t defeat you right now, I can still do it by heavily injuring you and sending you back to the former world.” Qi Ao Shuang smiled faintly, speaking slowly in her heart, even at the cost of sacrificing my life.

Qinghua’s face darkened, and she said coldly: “With just you?”

“Yes, just me.” Qi Ao Shuang said in a soft voice, but there was a hint of resolution in her tone.

“All of you, stop.” “There’s no point in continuing like this.” At this time, Leng Lingyun spoke softly.

“You love this woman, too, don’t you, like ice?” Qing Hua turned her head to look at Leng Lingyun’s face. A tyrannical glint gradually appeared in her eyes, widening …

Leng Lingyun did not say anything. She remained silent, but she had already tacitly accepted.

“Very good, very good, hahahaha, very good!” You’ve all betrayed me! Today, I will let you know the fate of those who betrayed me! “I will grind your bones and scatter your ashes!” The beautiful face of Qing Hua gradually became distorted and sinister. She laughed out loud in despair and rage as she vented the emotions in her heart. Her world seemed to collapse at this moment.

Everyone’s heart sank when they saw how crazy Qing Hua was. The auras surrounding her all started to become chaotic, and gradually, they all started to go crazy. Everyone understood that what Qinghua said earlier was not a joke.

Qi Ao Shuang’s face turned solemn, instantly raising all her power to the max. She knew that this strike would determine everything.

“I don’t need any of you anymore. All of you, go die!” Qing Hua roared in rage, raising her hands up high as she frantically gathered all her power into her hands.

“Ao Shuang, don’t!” Feng Yixuan’s face was so gloomy that it seemed as if water would drip out of it. Feng Yixuan’s heart sank to the bottom.