Volume 1

Chapter 330

Stunning Edge - C330

After entering the palace, everything that entered his eyes was pure white. The floor was clear and the surroundings were spotless. However, there was no one around. On the sofa and on the table, fresh flowers were strewn all over the place. The fragrance wafted through the air. He continued forward along the floor, the pure energy getting stronger and stronger, closer and closer.

After walking down a long and clean corridor, the view in front of them instantly widened.

When Qi Aushuang saw the scene in front of her, her pupils constricted. The front wall was covered with a network of crystal wires. Two luxurious chairs were placed at the corner of the wall, on which sat a boy and a girl. The boy was carved from jade, with bright eyes, a round face, and small, rosy lips. His eyes were as clear as a spring as he quietly watched everyone. The little girl by the side leaned lightly against the back of the chair, her eyes closed. Her long eyelashes were like two rows of small brushes that could move a person’s heart. Her pretty face, however, was pale white. She was dressed in white lace, and her hair was as black as ink. The contrast between the snow-white clothes and the pitch-black hair was extremely intense, giving people a strong impact on their eyeballs. Her dark hair fell over her head, and she dragged down the steps.

Who are these two children? The expressions of the crowd slightly changed, and some doubt appeared in the depths of their eyes. However, Xiao Ao Shuang quickly confirmed the identities of the two children.

The crystal net that was stretched out from the little girl’s back was connected to the crystal net on the wall behind her. Looking towards the top of the net, Xiao Ao Shuang was so shocked that her whole body started trembling. At the top was a person whose entire body was covered only by a piece of white cloth on his waist, and his hands and feet were nailed to the wall by a sharp crystal spike. White light constantly flowed into the crystal threads, and it was more like the crystal nets were constantly being consumed than the light that was surging out of his body. The blond hair hung down lifelessly, and there was not a trace of blood on his face. Other than Camil, who else could that breathtakingly beautiful face be?

Those two children, one was a god, and the unconscious beautiful girl was the mother god! They actually appeared on the outside. Now the Fathers and the Mother look like harmless children.

Qi Ao Shuang stared at Camil who was nailed to the wall, her heart aching in pain. Camille, it turns out that Camille’s life is actually like this, so even though he is omnipotent, he is lonely. Yet, such a person had fallen into such a dangerous situation. Qi Ao Shuang bit her lip as she stared deeply at Camil not far away.

“This is not a place for you to come to.” The handsome looking god slowly stood up and looked at the blue and white flowers as he lightly said. The voice was clear and melodious.

“No one can stop me where I want to go, including you.” However, the blue and white flower didn’t laugh at all, laughing mockingly and mockingly.

“He is mine, and I have the right to deal with him. You have no right to interfere.” His father frowned slightly as he looked at Qing Hua and said unkindly, “You don’t belong to this world, so you have no right to interfere in our affairs.” “Go back to where you came from.”

“Sorry, he’s my bargaining chip.” “As the highest god of this world, he is actually weak to such an extent. How laughable.”

“It has nothing to do with you.” The face of the Father God turned cold. He and the Mother God used this form of representation not because of their strange hobbies, but because he lost too much strength in order to save the Mother God.

“Die, or hand over that person?” Qinghua took a step forward, his eyes darkened as a terrifying oppressive aura instantly gushed out from him, directly suppressing his father.

This terrifying aura that could be seen with the naked eye caused the face of his father and god to change. He took a step forward, wrinkling his brows and instantly releasing an imposing aura.

When the two auras collided, there was a soft sound of collision in the air. Afterward, everyone watched in shock as the Qi from the deity was neutralized by the Qi from the flower. The flower’s Qi entered the father’s body without any hindrance.

“You …!” His father’s expression suddenly changed. He reached out his hand to cover his chest, but blood slowly seeped out from the corner of his mouth. Then his body wavered and he took a step back. He quickly reached out to the handle of the chair to steady himself.

The collision of these two forces caused everyone to feel immense pressure. It was as if a lone boat was caught in a storm and was unable to stabilize its body. His heart was almost forced to a standstill. Everyone’s hearts trembled, and they all silently stood to the side. They knew that they wouldn’t be allowed to interfere in a battle of this level. It was already extremely lucky for them to be able to stand here. The exchange between the gods was already too much for them to bear just because of the power unleashed from their probing each other just a moment ago.

The look in her eyes grew colder and colder, and she had almost lost her patience to continue pestering him.

“Death or handing over the person?” Qing Hua said impatiently.

“I’ve lost too much energy …” His father looked at Qing Hua, unwilling to give up, and spat out a few words. However, before he could finish his words, he was interrupted by Qing Hua’s cold voice.

“Even when you were at your best, you were no match for me.” Qing Hua sneered, “I don’t want to kill the gods of this world either, quickly hand it over.”

The Father God did not say anything. Instead, he slowly turned his head to look at the Mother God who was sleeping beside him. His eyes were filled with boundless longing and reluctance, and there was even pain in his heart.

"She has made up her mind to die. No matter how much power you infuse into her, she will still disperse. Don’t do any useless nonsense. " “Sooner or later, you will die. Do you choose to die now or in the future?” “Now that she’s dead, I will make your death very ugly, and her death even worse.”

Leng Lingyun slightly frowned. She still hadn’t changed. She was always so overbearing, always such an aggressive tone. She still didn’t know what love was. Only possession, possession.

The expression of the Father God became more and more sorrowful. He extended his hand and gently caressed the pale face of the Mother God. His lips slightly moved, as though he was saying something. However, no one heard him say a word.

“Alright, take him away.” The Father God slowly knelt in front of the Mother God. He gently leaned his head against the Mother God’s thigh and said those words in a low voice.

“Hmph!” “Boring!” The blue and white flower gently flicked her sleeves, and the sharp crystals on Camil’s four limbs instantly vanished. Camil’s body slowly floated into the air, slowly descending and landing in front of Qi Ao Shuang. Xiao Ao Shuang extended her hand to catch Camil. Jin Yan stepped forward and took off his cloak to cover Camil’s body. There was no blood on Camil’s four limbs from the sharp crystals. The wounds on his body slowly healed. Seeing this, Qi Ao Shuang finally calmed down. Camille was fine, but he could make it in time.

“Camil…” Qi Ao Shuang whispered into Camil’s ear, but Camil was still unconscious.

“Let’s go.” Qing Hua indifferently said that, then turned around and walked out of the room.

Jin Yan came forward and carried Camil. He nodded to Qi Aushuang before taking a step forward. Qi Ao Shuang nodded lightly, following behind.

Everyone walked out in silence. Qi Ao Shuang followed behind Jin Yan and looked at Camil on his back. Her eyes were filled with slight sadness and deep reluctance. Qi Ao Shuang’s gaze slowly shifted to Feng Yi Xuan. After staring at Feng Yi Xuan’s back for a long time, she slowly shifted her gaze back to Jin Yan. She looked at each of the crowd before finally turning to meet Leng Lingyun’s gaze, who was walking beside her.

Leng Lingyun’s gaze was deep, and she stared at Qi Ao Shuang. However, Qi Ao Shuang only smiled and did not say anything. Qi Ao Shuang’s attitude caused Leng Lingyun’s expression to turn serious.

Everyone walked out of the palace. Qing Hua, who was walking at the front, suddenly turned around and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang with a cold smile, “This man will recover slowly. Nothing will happen to him.” She was referring to Camille.

Qi Ao Shuang nodded gently and walked to Jin Yan’s side. She extended her hand and gently smoothed the hair on the front of his head before letting out a soft sigh.

“It’s time.” Qinghua’s eyes turned cold, raising her voice to remind Xiao Aoshuang impatiently.

“Alright.” Xiao Ao Shuang responded in a low voice. She turned around and smiled at Dittos and Jonathan. “Jonathan, Ditto. It’s good to be friends with you.” You’re too power-hungry, Dotans, to think about too many things. In fact, when a person had something to protect, it would become stronger. Jonathan, it’s hard for you to spend so many years with Dittas. "

“If there’s anything I can do, I will still accompany you.” Jonathan shrugged and said helplessly.

However, there was a trace of unease in the eyes of Dentance. He looked at Qi Ao Shuang hesitantly, then slightly frowned, as if he was thinking about what Xiao Ao Shuang had said.

“Lingyun, I’m sorry, thank you.” Qi Ao Shuang walked in front of Leng Lingyun and looked up at her with a sad smile, her heart full of guilt. This man had done so much for him, yet in the end, he had been unable to respond to his feelings. Leng Lingyun was a good man, a good man …

Leng Lingyun’s eyes were deep, but she did not say a word. However, there was something firm in the depths of his eyes.

Feng Yixuan was stunned on the spot. As he watched Qi Ao Shuang approach him, Qi Ao Shuang spread out her arms and hugged him. She slowly moved closer to his ear and whispered a few words into his ear. “Yi Xuan, I like you.” These few words were like a thousand jin boulder that pressed down on Feng Yixuan’s heart. At this moment, Feng Yixuan’s heart nearly stopped beating. This was the first time Qi Ao Shuang had spoken her mind out loud and responded to him in a positive manner.

Qi Ao Shuang let go of him and smiled at Feng Yi Xuan, silently watching him. Since when had this person entered her heart? I don’t know. Perhaps it was his first time seeing him arrogantly baring his fangs and brandishing his claws at the arena, or perhaps it was his appearance when he encountered the Dark Mage, or perhaps it was his appearance just in time after the battle with the Moon Goddess … Too much, too much. At this moment, Qi Ao Shuang’s mind was filled with the images from the past.

“Ao Shuang, you …” A sense of unease arose in Feng Yixuan’s heart. It gradually spread out, nearly devouring his heart.

Blue Flower suddenly stepped forward and placed his hand on Feng Yi Xuan’s forehead with lightning speed. Feng Yixuan’s entire body shook, and he froze on the spot.

Qi Ao Shuang turned around and saw the cold expression on Qing Hua’s face and the anger in her eyes.

“If it doesn’t belong to you, then don’t continue to drag it out shamelessly.” The cold voice of Qing Hua was filled with impatience and annoyance.

Qi Ao Shuang watched Qing Hua’s movements and then looked at the frozen Feng Yi Xuan. She suddenly felt a sense of loss. She knew that Qing Hua was restoring his memories … A memory like fire.

Leng Lingyun’s hands, which were hidden in her sleeves, were slightly clenched. She watched the movements of Qing Hua and paid close attention to Feng Yixuan’s reaction.

“What is she doing?” Lily whispered to Jin Yan.

“To recover the deepest memories of Breezy, as memories of fire.” Jin Yan’s heart was extremely complicated. He had already guessed everything from the conversation between Qi Aoshuang and Qing Hua. Young Miss said that he would support all the decisions he made, forever and unconditionally. But does Miss have to support herself by sacrificing herself to save Camille? If he fought against Qing Hua, the result would most likely be him infuriating her. Other than Feng Yi Xuan and Leng Lingyun, everyone else would be mercilessly killed by her. In just a short period of time, Jin Yan had already understood the personality of Blue and White Flower. Cold, cruel, overbearing, always aloof.

Dittos’ eyes darkened as he silently watched the scene in front of him. Suddenly, he felt a weight on his shoulder, followed by a wave of warmth. Turning his head, he saw Jonathan put his hand on his shoulder and nod resolutely after smiling at him. For some reason, an indescribable feeling filled his entire body as his heart suddenly felt warm. What was this feeling? Dotans was stunned. He turned back to look at Qi Ao Shuang. The words Xiao Aushuang had said just now were still etched deeply into his mind. Family love, friendship, love … Dittos slowly reached out his hand, hesitated for a moment, and finally pressed his hand down heavily on Jonathan’s hand. Jonathan was stunned, then a knowing smile appeared on his face. At the very least, Dittos had already taken his first step, although he didn’t know if he would have the chance to take his next step in the future.

In the next moment, Qing Hua retracted her hand, turned around and looked at Xiao Ao Shuang, coldly shouting: “Quick, fulfill your promise!”

Qi Ao Shuang looked deeply at the frozen Feng Yi Xuan. A faint smile slowly appeared on her lips as she nodded: “Let’s do it.” He then turned to the crowd and said, “This is a deal between me and her. None of you are to interfere. Don’t lose your lives in vain.” “I hope you all are doing well …”

“Miss!” Jin Yan clenched his teeth, but his expression changed. He was about to say something, but Qi Ao Shuang firmly shook her head, using her eyes to stop him.

“Hmph!” “Hmph!” Qing Hua coldly snorted as he extended his hand and waved it towards the others. A powerful and terrifying pressure swept over them. The next moment, everyone was shocked to realize that they were unable to move.

“I told you to leave peacefully, I’m afraid I won’t be able to stop myself from killing everyone who causes trouble.” Qing Hua coldly stated her purpose for doing this. She was very clear that if these people saw her killing Qi Aushuang, they would definitely not just stand there and watch. At that time, she would definitely kill them all. And Qi Ao Shuang probably wouldn’t give up so easily. This way, she would lose her original intention.

Qi Ao Shuang did not speak again. She looked at the crowd once more before slowly walking in front of Qing Hua.

Qing Hua’s eyes turned cold. She stretched out her hand and stabbed towards Qi Ao Shuang’s chest. Her hand directly pierced through Qi Ao Shuang’s chest, but there was no blood. Qi Ao Shuang’s body gradually became transparent, slowly forming a stream of air that attached itself to Qing Hua’s arm and flowed towards her body.

Leng Lingyun’s hands trembled slightly. He was trying his best to resist the restraint of the azure flower, trying his best to break through it. At this moment, he only had one thought in his mind, and that was to not let Xiao Ao Shuang disappear!

The people who did the same naturally included Jin Yan and Dittas. Unfortunately, before the tyrannical power of Blue Flowers, no one could get rid of them.

Qi Ao Shuang felt her body turning light and light, and she gradually lost all feeling in her body. However, her consciousness did not disappear immediately. She could see everything around her very clearly. He saw her body gradually disappear. Then, Jin Lian and Liu Li fell from the sky to the ground. The two of them were unconscious. He could clearly see Leng Lingyun’s pained expression, Jin Yan’s pained expression, Lily’s fear and sorrow, and Dittas’ bloodshot eyes as he looked at Qing Hua with hatred. Feng Yixuan, where is Yi Xuan? He remained where he was, his head bowed.

In fact, I’m really reluctant to part with her…

Looking at all this, Qi Ao Shuang was filled with reluctance. He also wanted to go back to the continent to meet his friends. He wanted to be with them, wanted to live with them …

Everything became a dream.

However, meeting them in this life was really good, really good …

Qi Ao Shuang’s consciousness was slowly becoming muddled. Was everything settled?